Kyattou Ninden Teyande takes place in the city of Little Tokyo, a meld of feudal and modern Japanese culture, whose citizens are walking, talking animals.  When the head palace guard catches wind that the corrupt prime minister Seymour Cheese decides to become emperor and take over Little Tokyo, he knows that only one group can save Little Tokyo: the owners of a local pizza joint, the Pizza Cats! Serving delicious pizza by day, this trio's true occupation is meowvelous warriors of justice! The Samurai Pizza Cats will do whatever it takes to protect Little Tokyo!
Daddy Long Legs is based on the novel of the same name by Jean Webster. It chronicles the adventures of Judy Abbott, an orphan in New York. During a meeting for the superintendent, with other important and rich people in attendance, a scholarship is offered to Judy by a mysterious benefactor. Catching only a glimpse of his tall shadow as he leaves, Judy calls him "Daddy Long Legs" and writes him letters every month as per his request. While studying at the Lincoln Memorial school, she makes many friends and learns about a world she never knew about before.  (Source: ANN)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life.  (Source: ANN)
Dragon Quest is loosely based on Dragon Quest III. The names and some of the characters are familar, but the world map is smaller and a very different shape. The two main characters are Abel and Tialah. Tialah receives the legendary Red Stone from the Aliahan Village sage Master Yogi. Soon after, Tialah is kidnapped by the evil Baramos who wants to use the Red Stone to resurrect The Great Dragon and be granted eternal life. Abel swore to rescue Tialah and he is given the Blue Stone, which can only seal the Dragon once it has been released.  (Source: AniDB)
When aliens plan to invade earth, the young Kouta along with a giant robot from outspace named Exkaiser must team up to save the world and his friends.
A comedy about a former genius who has now become very eccentric and senile. His family deals with all the crazy problems he and his old friends cause around the neighborhood. (Source: AniDB)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ranma Saotome is a top-class martial artist and prodigy at the Saotome "Anything-Goes" school of martial arts. While training in China, he and his father meet a terrible fate when they accidentally fall into a cursed spring. Now, Ranma is cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and only hot water can turn him back into a boy. Things are only complicated further when Ranma discovers that his father has arranged for him to marry one of Soun Tendo's three daughters in order to secure the future of the Tendo dojo. Though Soun learns of Ranma's predicament, he is still determined to go ahead with the engagement, and chooses his youngest daughter Akane, who happens to be a skilled martial artist herself and is notorious for hating men. Ranma ½ follows the hilarious adventures of Ranma and Akane as they encounter various opponents, meet new love interests, and find different ways to make each other angry, all while their engagement hangs over their head. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots ("labors") for use in a variety of functions: construction, fire-fighting, military, and more. However, though the robots are only machines, their operators are also only human—and humans sometimes turn to crime. Since a heavy labor unit can be a dangerous weapon, the police of the future are set to fight fire with fire, using advanced patrol labor units, "patlabors." This is the story of the Second Special Vehicles Division, a motley crew of patlabor policemen and women doing their best to fight crime and live a normal life. (Source: ANN)
Yawara! is a sports anime laced with comedic and romance elements. It starts off with Yawara Inokuma, a high school girl who is most interested in doing the things that your average Japanese high school girl does; however, she has been trained in Judo for years by her grandfather, Jigorou (A former Japan Judo Champion), who has much grander plans in store for her as a Judo superstar. He manipulates matters so that Yawara ends up having to perform in matches and tournaments. His final plan is for Yawara to "Win the Gold Medal in the Olympics and be awarded the Nation Medal of Honor." (Source: AniDB, edited)
After his parents died, Mowgli is raised by the Wolf Pack of the Seeonee Forest led by Akela and other wild animals such as Bagheera and Baloo. The young boy goes through several heartwarming, bittersweet, and life-threatening adventures as he seeks after his true purpose in life. And one of many dangers he has to face is the man-eating tiger, Shere Khan... (Source: ANN)
Alfred J Kwak (Dutch, it takes place in Holland) lost his parents, brothers and sisters when he was young. He was raised by a mole. The series covers the life of Alfred from the day he is born. In his life Alfred tries to help all sorts of animals all over the world. The series are meant to entertain children and teach children about life, covering historical aspects like WW II.  (Source: AniDB)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Eriko Tamura is Kousuke Tamura, the chairman of Tamura Productions (reknown music company) and Minako Tamura's (former famous idol singer) only daughter. Having talent for singing since birth, she has always loved her parent's media world. Then one day tragedy strikes when her parents get into a horrible car accident, which kills her father and leaves her mother in coma. She is left in her father's best friend, Mr. Uchida's care. Now Eriko must take the path of singing, a path her parents did not want her to pursue. Then her uncle is out to destroy her career. But in spite of all the hardship, she becomes an idol and wins hearts all over Japan. (Source: ANN)
Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...
Leo (a.k.a. Kimba in the U.S.) is a young ambitious lion cub who takes his father's place as emperor of the jungle when is father is killed by poachers. Even though his father's fate was met by the hands of humans, Leo is one of the few animals in the Jungle that doesn't fear or feel hatred toward humans. He is not alone either, he is guided by friends of his father to help create the best animal kingdom there can be.  (Source: ANN)
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs. (Source: ANN)
The series starts when Hayato, a soccer enthusiast, and his girlfriend Yumi, an aspiring musician, went to a visit to Dr. Leonard's lab. They accidentally activated the Tondekeman, a funny talking kettle who transported them many centuries in the past.  In Baghdad, Hayato and Yumi gets reunited but they got separated from Tondekeman. They meet Aladdin, Prince Dandarn and Princess Shalala. They also meet the cunning Abdullah who is always ready to kidnap the princess so that he could marry the princess to his master.  Our heroes get to go to different places and times and meet several historical and literary figures as they follow Abdullah as he escapes through time to abduct the princess.  Hayato and Yumi are stuck in the past until they get Tondekeman from the possession of Abdullah.  (Source: Wikipedia)
In the future, the moon is a habitable place with atmosphere and gravity and also a famous tourist attraction. There are also stories about a "long ears" creature like rabbits on the moon who can use magic. Haruka Daichi heads off to the moon during a summer holiday alone because he likes to see the long ears creature by himself. However, he get himself dragged into an ancient conflict between two ancient moon races: the "long ears" race and Jado race. Jado race wanted to conquer the universe and resurrect ancient evil powers to seize control of the Earth. Now the "long ears" race and Daichi must seek three warriors who could use magic to release Mado King to fight Jado race and to release "long ears" race's kingdom, Rabiluna, from Jado race. (Source: AniDB)
The story is a succession of races in imaginative paths and runs to suit her run. The story will focus increasingly what is the real Emperor, will be discovered having this many mini title that will compare against the Emperor of Yonkuro, the epilogue to the epic challenge of the Rally of hell in this race will challenge a group of thugs who want to take advantage of Best of Mini 4WD racers to be able to recover a hidden treasure.The story centers on a brother and sister, Tatsuya and Kiyoko, the children of a scientist at the Twin X facility. This story is used by the very popular main character Yonkuro Hinomaru. (Source: ANN)
Story of a young boy named Kakeru and his adventures together with a magical blue pony named Blink.
Dome Shinjo, a 10-year-old boy who is son of a deceased legendary player of the Yomiuri Giants. From his father he inherited the love for baseball and his great abilities for such sport, although his mother and his older sister try to avoid that he practices it. In fact, his father, before dying, had time to teach him a magical shoot. Dome, after his mother gave him the glove his father used, he makes that shot in a training session of the Giants and is contracted immediately. With the support of the veteran players of the team, this young player will, from this very moment, make the Giants become unbeatable at home and none of the main batters of the Japanese professional league manages to end with his magical shot. Although that does not apply to the games played away, as Dome is just allowed to play at home, in the Tokyo Dome in which his father was consacrated (and the place by which he did chose such name for his son). When the veteran captain of the Dragons manages to bat his shot, it seems that the young boy is finally and definitely defeated, but then he invents another magical shot. New rivals, but also friends (such as Melody Norman, an American girl who disguises herself as a boy because women can't play baseball), will appear in scene, until the arrival of the mysterious Don Carlos, a Spanish ex-bullfighter who plays for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp and seems to have something pending with his father. Will Dome succeed in giving the league to the Giants?  (Source: Wikipedia) 
Oishinbo is a drama about newspaper reporters. The main character is a cynical food critic named Yamaoka. Oishinbo is a popular mainstream comic for adults in Japan. It is even mentioned in an episode of "Iron Chef." (Source: AniDB)
During Sally's coronation ceremony in the magic world, she hears her human friends back on Earth are in trouble. Despite the warnings from her parents, she escapes to Earth to help her friends. Because she was caught using magic in front of humans, she had to erase her friends' memories. Now Sally will remain on Earth so she can regain Sumire and Yoshiko's friendship while helping other humans in trouble. This is a sequel and reboot of the original series.
An omnibus-format TV series consisting of anime adaptations of Japanese folk tales, this is one of Japan's longest-running TV series, and Group Tac's second TV series (the first was The Road to Munich, a documentary anime about the 1972 Olympics). The governing rule of the series was that the creative staff change from episode to episode. While later other anime series like Nippon Animation's Famous Works of Japanese Literature would attempt the same, none would be as long-lived or successful.  The rotation idea was that of director Sugii Gisaburo, a visual visionary unequaled in Japanese film history who has revolutionized anime several times in his career, be it in the 1967 TV series Goku's Big Adventure, in which he sought to shake anime free from the dominance of story development by yanking it back to a more cartoonish form, or The Belladonna of Sadness, where he broke the Disney full-animation mold, creating a full-length animated film in a completely new style that was a hybrid of still drawings and animation. The reason for rotating the staff each episode was so that each episode would have a completely different look and feel from its predecessor, and in this it was eminently successful. This is a series that is genuinely rewarding to watch, and is visually one of the richest in anime history.  While this system also meant that quality varied, there were also occasionally superb episodes, as on the staff were many veterans like Group Tac founder SUGII Gisaburo himself, SHIBAYAMA Tsutomu, FURUZAWA Hideo, RIN Taro, and HIKONE Norio. Old episodes started being repeated more and more frequently as the years went on, and production of new episodes finally ceased completely in late 1995, but the series is still widely broadcast.  (Source: Pelleas)
A remake of the 1970's version.
The age of the demons has begun. Dr Faust has foreseen this rise of evil. Unfortunately, he is near death and is unable to personally battle this upcoming threat. Faust entrusts a young boy, Shingo Yamada, to take the responsibility of ridding the Earth of this new evil presence. Faust finds a birthmark on Shingo's forehead that signifies that he is the chosen demon fighter. Faust summons from hell what may be humanity's only hope of surviving: a less than enthusiastic devil named Mephisto rises. After signing a pact in blood to save humankind, Shingo and Mephisto set out to battle the supernatural world. (Source: AniDB)
The story follows the daily life of a Akko-chan who is a new young wife.
TV anime show based on the manga by F. Fujio Fujiko.
All children dream to have a friend straight from a fairy tale... A little boy opens his closet and finds a strange creature with a parasol sitting in there. Nobody knows how he got there and from what mysterious worlds he is, but it is a fast friendship from the beginning. And nobody can ever know...  (Source: ANN) 
Documentary in which the achievement of Ernest "Black Wolf" Thompson is settled in different Episodes. Every single episode is a documentary in which one sort of Animal is described.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
The series stars Hat, the descendant of a hero who fought an evil king and sealed Devildom. Hat falls into Devildom and finds he has to defeat the evil king. (Source: AniDB)
Robin Jr. and his friends fight to save the solar system.
A public service proverb-of-the-week anime. Peter the salary man lives a very unhealthy lifestyle, starving then bingeing until he feels seek, or slobbing around the house until badgered into taking up exercise, during which he invariably pulls a muscle. (Source: ANN)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
Based on the children's award winning manga by Kobayashi Yoshinori, serialized in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic.
The collection of short SF stories.
Based on the same name yonkoma manga by Ueda Masashi, serialized in Weekly Manga Action. From putting his head of department to embarrasment by announcing to everyone that he has haemmorrhoids through the PA system in a public park to making a whole district dissapointed by putting a notice that there will be a fireworks display, and apparently the only "display" is him holding one small fireworks, Kariage-kun tells the amusing everyday life of, well, Kariage-kun.  His typical victim is his head of department, although anyone (or anything) can become a prey to his irony or sarcasm. The story began and ended with no special beginning or endings, but it is arranged chronologically (in the sense that it follows seasonal changes). (Source: ANN)
 A boy/cop who liked playing with his testicles, sentencing people to death, and occasionally transforming into a deer or elephant. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
An NHK toddler's anime following creatures representing different human traits like gluttony or fear. It is akin to the British children's book and cartoon series "Mr. Men."
Demons exist and their power is beyond what humans can fathom. In fact they are so strong that humans do not stand a chance against them in a fight.  The only thing strong enough to defeat a demon is another demon and it is trough this logic that Ryo Asuka hatches the plan to have his good-hearted friend Akira Fudo possessed by a demon. If a person is of pure of heart then he might be able to control the demon that posses him and thereby acquire power equal to a demon. After raising some hell in a club the plan works and Akira is possessed by the powerful demon known as Amon.  Now Akira is humanities sole champion of justice against the hidden demon menace that has plagued humanity since the dawn of time. (Source: ANN)
When Yuusuke awakens from a nightmare in which a demon warns him that women will be his downfall, he discovers that real life isn’t any better! Having a gynaecologist as a father, the poor boy is under pressure to overcome his irrational fear of women, and feisty twin sisters Yuka and Rika are on hand to give a helping hand. Using any method they can think of to seduce the red-faced boy, the racy competition soon heats up as busty Barako bounces onto the scene with an equal determination to seduce Yuusuke. Which of the horny heroines will win his heart, and more importantly, will he survive a non-stop onslaught of naked breasts, panties and bondage? (Source: anime-planet)
Five female pirates pilot the Sol Bianca, a starship with a higher level of technology than any other known. With it, they seek out riches, such as the Gnosis, an legendary item of power, and pasha, the most valuable mineral in the galaxy. Along the way, they must consider a stowaway's quest to save the one he loves, and seek revenge against those that have wronged them.  (Source: ANN) 
"Do not toy with the supernatural."  Two stories of the consequences that descend upon humans who venture beyond the safe confines of their ordinary worlds.  When a gorgeous girl named Rima transfers into Masami's class, she's not only jealous, but also deathly frightened of her. While the boys in class are tripping all over themselves to get to Rima, Masami's having nightmares of a ghastly visitor and finding scars on her body come morning. She asks a friend to help her get evidence to confirm her suspicions about the new girl. But if a picture is worth a thousand words, a video must be worth far more. The truth can set you free, but it can also be more terrifying than anything you can imagine.  Shy Miko and her more outgoing friend Nanako are enjoying their summer vacation, trying to make the most of their youth. But when horror-movie marathons just aren't thrilling enough, Nanako sets her eyes on a new target: an abandoned mansion at the edge of town, said to be haunted. With two other friends in tow, a reluctant Miko and a gung-ho Nanako enter the mansion. Soon, everything that can go wrong starts going wrong. Only luck or a miracle will allow them manage to escape the mansion with their lives, their sanity, and even their sense of reality.  (Source: Hanako) 
For the invincible and basically happy punk lads Hiroshi and Toru, what they care about every day is to get a lot of attention from girls and to win the fights against the lads from other schools. Whenever provoked, they just go out fighting and settle the situation no matter what it costs. (Source: AniDB)
It's Chief Gooley's worst nightmare come true. The Lovely Angels are back on the job, but this time the 3WA's Central Computer has assigned them two cases at the same time: investigate a space liner explosion in which three hundred people died, but no one`s come forward to claim any insurance money; and find a missing scientist and his family. Could the two cases be connected? Only the Central Computer knows and it's not talking. So it's up the Dirty Pair to get down and dirty and solve the puzzle before time runs out for a grieving grandfather, his family and the universe! (Source: AniDB)
The SD Gundams in Warring States Era Japan. (Source: ANN)
Long ago there were fierce gods of legends who shook the earth to its foundation with their power. There are now prehistoric rivals from the primitive times in Japan, that fought to protect their secrets in the present day. The God of Darkness Susanoah-oh is now sleeping in the shadows of the underworld waiting for his rebirth. However his coming hasn't gone unoticed. There are agents from the Kikuchi Clan (descendants of Japans first inhabitants) who have seen the warning signs of the spreading of darkness's bringing. These investigators are armed with ancient knowledge and artifacts who are willingly prepared to face the God of Darkness. Now they must fight the assembled spirits of hell to find the one young boy who is chosen by fate to grasp the chaotic might of the deadly Gods. (Source: ANN)
A trio of diabolical dragons stirs from eons of slumber deep within the earth. Charging to the surface, they launch a bloody rampage against humanity, feasting on the weak and gaining strength from their hapless victims' souls. It will take the power of ancient god Takegami, the Guardian of Darkness, to vanquish the evil serpent forces. But alas, the mortal body Takegami inhabits belongs to a host reluctant to fight.
Apulo (a cat-like space alien with the ability to lock a human's emotions) and Latell work for the Division of Space Piracy (or DSP for short). The two of them are extremely destructive in their solving of DSP cases. They are attempting to stop Youmei the space pirate from exploiting Computer Aided Thinking for his own nefarious plans.
Carol is the tale of a teenage girl whose life seems normal enough until she notices music disappearing from all around her, such as the sound of Big Ben, her father`s cello-playing, and the concert of her favorite band, Gaball Screen. After hearing some mysterious voices, Carol is transported to a fantastic world where she must fight against the evil monsters who are stealing the music from Earth. She meets and is assisted by three dashing heroes: Clark, Tico, and Flash. (Source: AniDB)
Part anime, part live action, and part puppet show. This MAL entry duration will reflect the anime segment only. Nantoka Narudesho is a series of seemingly unrelated sketches. Viewer-be-warned, some sketches have not aged well and would be found extremely offensive due to racism, sexual depravity, and homophobia. 
Due to spacecraft failure earthlings Ryu with computer robot "MOS" landed on self-navigated planet Gdleen. There Ryu meets a cute Euradonian fairy Fana. At that time, the planet was in the midst of a dispute over a Gavana temple. Self proclaimed God Gavana captured Fana for a sacrifice. Would they be able to escape? And what the identity of Gavana?!  (Source: Translated from gdleen.hatsune.cc)
A detective story about a murder on a train based on a series of young-adult novels for women by Yamaura Hiroyasu. Seiko, while suspended from school (she has been bullied) goes to Nagasaki, where she finds herself involved in a murder mystery.  (Source: Shoujo & General Weblog)
A mix of animation and live-action. 
An anime based on characters from the strip mahjong arcade game "Super Real Mahjong 2".
Three pretty girls want to make it big as pop stars, but it's tough on their way to the top. Based on a manga in Comic Burger by Kenichi Koya, it was distinguished by a marketing gimmick that had the three lead voice actresses taking to the stage for real in an early attempt at multimedia promotion. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Yuu Shinozaki is fed up with living according to the clock, the clock that always turns right. His liberal thinking gets him in bad terms with his parents, teachers and childhood friend Aoi, with only his biker sister Moe to understand him. One day, after an exceptionally upsetting day at school, Yuu jumps on his motorbike and - with some help from Moe's friend Tetsuo - leaves home to have a taste of a different way of life, like making the clock turn left for a change. (Source: ANN)
Thirty-one stories based on the fourpanel manga strips drawn by Masahiko Kikuni for Young Sunday magazine make up this anime that mixes animation and live action (18 animated stories, 13 live-action stories). (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Maji is a young hood in the Nagisa criminal organization whose name is synonymous with loyalty and truth. While driving away thugs, he meets and falls for local high school girl, Kumiko; however, complications ensue when he and his group run into the rival Kikuchi gang looking for trouble. Based on the first four volumes of the gang chivalry manga by Ayumi Tachihara. (Source: ANN)
Second OVA of "Hana no Asukagumi!".
Compilation of the Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru series.
Anime adaptation of the same name sports manga by Kurashina Ryou.
Based on a story by Fujiko F. Fujio.
(No synopsis yet.)
The evil Dr. Wheelo has resurrected his brain into a robot and now desires to inhabit the body of the world's strongest warrior. This means he must face Son Goku and company in a fight for Goku's life.  (Source: ANN)
Ginga, a small town girl sets out to become the Emperors Seihi, highest ranked wife, undaunted by the many other women who seek the same title. Her energetic and eccentric ways aid in her in meeting new people, training to be a Lady of the Emperor and dealing with the drama that ensues.  (Source: ANN) 
Nobita went to a world of animals through the "Wherever Gas", the substance to let you travel anywhere, same as the "Wherever Door" Doraemon uses. They came across with Chippo, a boy who looks like a dog and very adventurous. A group called Numiges plans on taking over the animal planet. Doraemon and friends plan to stop them with the animal's help. (Source: ANN)
Summary for the Gosenzosama Banbanzai! OVA.
When eight-year-old Tistou is sent home from school after being unable to stop falling asleep at lessons, his father decides that he will continue his education by learning from observation of real life, and where better to start than in the garden! With the gardener Mr. Moustache, Tistou discovers he has a remarkable gift—the green thumbs: everything he touches grows into beautiful plants. His next lesson is with the stern Mr. Turnbull, manager of his father's armament factory who takes Tistou to visit the town to learn about "order." Over the course of the next few days Tistou learns many new things as he visits the town prison, the slums, and the hospital, and everywhere he tries to change the world into a better place with his new extraordinary power. Finally, he learns about war, and upon visiting his father's factory, he finds out that they supply the two countries at war with their weapons... (Source: outsideinworld.org, edited)
This short movie tells the story of Sally, a teenage witch that came to Earth from the Magical Kingdom. For some mysterious reason, spring has not started yet. Sally and her friends have to find the cause and fix the problem. (Source: Fuko Ibuki)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
Chinpui movie.
Animation movie by Hirata Toshio. 
Adapted from Shimizu Chinami and Furuya Yoshi's popular manga in Weekly Bunshun.
The third Taoist Mutul movie.
Specials of Warau Salesman broadcasted intermittently during the main show not included in the episode count of the main show. They are 3 times the length of a normal episode and fill a half hour time-slot.
The specials of Mahou Tsukai Sally.
Unaired episodes of Komatsu Sakyo Anime Gekijou that were included on the VHS release. The first 2 eps were on VHS volume 1 and the 3rd ep was on VHS volume 2.
