In 1889, the world is on the pinnacle of great discoveries in technology. In mankind's grasp for the future, a sinister foe known only as Gargoyle, obsessed with restoring the former Atlantean empire to the glory it once held, begins his plans to take over the world. Nadia, with the help of a young inventor, Jean Roque Lartigue, and Captain Nemo of the submarine Nautilus, must fight to save the world from Gargoyle and Neo-Atlantis. Based on the Novel '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' by Jules Verne. (Source: ANN) 
In the remote and mysterious Moomin Valley live the Moomin trolls, gentle and peaceful creatures. Young Moomin and his family experience many strange adventures, both magical and mundane. Based on the children's stories by Tove Jansson.  (Source: ANN) 
Lamune is an ordinary 4th grade boy who loves playing video games. He buys one from a peddler girl and helps her sell the rest. At home, he plays the game called "King Sccasher" & beats it. The peddler girl then comes out of the TV screen and asks for his help, calling him "The Blood Relative of the Chosen Hero Lamuness". She is Princess Milk and takes him to Hara-Hara World where his role is to revive the Guardian Knights. To do this, he had to find an unlock the shrine which held Tama-Q, a robot who became Lamuness' Advisor Robot, and key to freeing the Guardian Knights. All of the Knights are free-thinking mechas except for King Sccasher which is piloted by Lamuness. Opposing Lamuness is Don Harumage and his minions Da Cider and Lesuka.  (Source: ANN)
Mint is a girl who happens to be the princess of the world of dreams and magic. The natural environment of her world is a reflection of the dreams of the people on Earth. It is now in danger as people lose faith in their dreams and let darkness enter their hearts. The environment of Mint's world is starting to wither and die. On her 12th birthday, after a gala celebration with her father the King and her mother, she agrees to go to the world of humans to try to preserve people's hopes and dreams, and to prove that she has the qualities necessary to be a wise ruler. Her father arranges for her to stay with his sister, Mint's aunt Herb, who runs a gift shop on Earth called "Happiness Shop".  (Source: AniDB)
This is the sequel to Mashin Eiyuden Wataru first season.  Wataru has been lived happily on earth after he defeated Doakudar. When he plays around with his friend, Ryujinmaru appears and ask him to fight again. It appears that the 7 Stars Mountain, the source of Mt. Soukai's rainbow, have been taken over by Doakadar (Doakudar's brother). If all the stars mountain loses their brightness, Mt. Soukai's rainbow will fade and everyone will live in the darkness for eternity. Once again, Wataru has to go through all the 7 stars system and destroy this new stronger enemy. 
A young girl and her flying squirrel goes to Tokyo in hopes of becoming an idol singer. On the way, she meets another girl who wants to become an actress, and together they work to achieve their dreams. (Source: ANN)
Batsugoro was the owner of a grocery store, Yaobatsu. When he tried to take a balloon hanged caught on the branch for a little child, he fell on to the ground to die. His son, Ataro, succeeded to the store, but Batsugoro was worried about him, and he remained there being a ghost. Ataro managed the shop alone, but soon his follower, Dekoppachi, began to help him. Being surrounded by strange characters such as, Nyarome, Butamatsu, the heart-warming story develops. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Based on the comedy yonkoma manga by Sonoyama Shunji.
(No synopsis yet.)
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ranma Saotome is a top-class martial artist and prodigy at the Saotome "Anything-Goes" school of martial arts. While training in China, he and his father meet a terrible fate when they accidentally fall into a cursed spring. Now, Ranma is cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and only hot water can turn him back into a boy. Things are only complicated further when Ranma discovers that his father has arranged for him to marry one of Soun Tendo's three daughters in order to secure the future of the Tendo dojo. Though Soun learns of Ranma's predicament, he is still determined to go ahead with the engagement, and chooses his youngest daughter Akane, who happens to be a skilled martial artist herself and is notorious for hating men. Ranma ½ follows the hilarious adventures of Ranma and Akane as they encounter various opponents, meet new love interests, and find different ways to make each other angry, all while their engagement hangs over their head. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots ("labors") for use in a variety of functions: construction, fire-fighting, military, and more. However, though the robots are only machines, their operators are also only human—and humans sometimes turn to crime. Since a heavy labor unit can be a dangerous weapon, the police of the future are set to fight fire with fire, using advanced patrol labor units, "patlabors." This is the story of the Second Special Vehicles Division, a motley crew of patlabor policemen and women doing their best to fight crime and live a normal life. (Source: ANN)
Yawara! is a sports anime laced with comedic and romance elements. It starts off with Yawara Inokuma, a high school girl who is most interested in doing the things that your average Japanese high school girl does; however, she has been trained in Judo for years by her grandfather, Jigorou (A former Japan Judo Champion), who has much grander plans in store for her as a Judo superstar. He manipulates matters so that Yawara ends up having to perform in matches and tournaments. His final plan is for Yawara to "Win the Gold Medal in the Olympics and be awarded the Nation Medal of Honor." (Source: AniDB, edited)
Kyattou Ninden Teyande takes place in the city of Little Tokyo, a meld of feudal and modern Japanese culture, whose citizens are walking, talking animals.  When the head palace guard catches wind that the corrupt prime minister Seymour Cheese decides to become emperor and take over Little Tokyo, he knows that only one group can save Little Tokyo: the owners of a local pizza joint, the Pizza Cats! Serving delicious pizza by day, this trio's true occupation is meowvelous warriors of justice! The Samurai Pizza Cats will do whatever it takes to protect Little Tokyo!
Daddy Long Legs is based on the novel of the same name by Jean Webster. It chronicles the adventures of Judy Abbott, an orphan in New York. During a meeting for the superintendent, with other important and rich people in attendance, a scholarship is offered to Judy by a mysterious benefactor. Catching only a glimpse of his tall shadow as he leaves, Judy calls him "Daddy Long Legs" and writes him letters every month as per his request. While studying at the Lincoln Memorial school, she makes many friends and learns about a world she never knew about before.  (Source: ANN)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life.  (Source: ANN)
After his parents died, Mowgli is raised by the Wolf Pack of the Seeonee Forest led by Akela and other wild animals such as Bagheera and Baloo. The young boy goes through several heartwarming, bittersweet, and life-threatening adventures as he seeks after his true purpose in life. And one of many dangers he has to face is the man-eating tiger, Shere Khan... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Dragon Quest is loosely based on Dragon Quest III. The names and some of the characters are familar, but the world map is smaller and a very different shape. The two main characters are Abel and Tialah. Tialah receives the legendary Red Stone from the Aliahan Village sage Master Yogi. Soon after, Tialah is kidnapped by the evil Baramos who wants to use the Red Stone to resurrect The Great Dragon and be granted eternal life. Abel swore to rescue Tialah and he is given the Blue Stone, which can only seal the Dragon once it has been released.  (Source: AniDB)
Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...
Leo (a.k.a. Kimba in the U.S.) is a young ambitious lion cub who takes his father's place as emperor of the jungle when is father is killed by poachers. Even though his father's fate was met by the hands of humans, Leo is one of the few animals in the Jungle that doesn't fear or feel hatred toward humans. He is not alone either, he is guided by friends of his father to help create the best animal kingdom there can be.  (Source: ANN)
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs. (Source: ANN)
The series starts when Hayato, a soccer enthusiast, and his girlfriend Yumi, an aspiring musician, went to a visit to Dr. Leonard's lab. They accidentally activated the Tondekeman, a funny talking kettle who transported them many centuries in the past.  In Baghdad, Hayato and Yumi gets reunited but they got separated from Tondekeman. They meet Aladdin, Prince Dandarn and Princess Shalala. They also meet the cunning Abdullah who is always ready to kidnap the princess so that he could marry the princess to his master.  Our heroes get to go to different places and times and meet several historical and literary figures as they follow Abdullah as he escapes through time to abduct the princess.  Hayato and Yumi are stuck in the past until they get Tondekeman from the possession of Abdullah.  (Source: Wikipedia)
When aliens plan to invade earth, the young Kouta along with a giant robot from outspace named Exkaiser must team up to save the world and his friends.
Oishinbo is a drama about newspaper reporters. The main character is a cynical food critic named Yamaoka. Oishinbo is a popular mainstream comic for adults in Japan. It is even mentioned in an episode of "Iron Chef." (Source: AniDB)
During Sally's coronation ceremony in the magic world, she hears her human friends back on Earth are in trouble. Despite the warnings from her parents, she escapes to Earth to help her friends. Because she was caught using magic in front of humans, she had to erase her friends' memories. Now Sally will remain on Earth so she can regain Sumire and Yoshiko's friendship while helping other humans in trouble. This is a sequel and reboot of the original series.
An omnibus-format TV series consisting of anime adaptations of Japanese folk tales, this is one of Japan's longest-running TV series, and Group Tac's second TV series (the first was The Road to Munich, a documentary anime about the 1972 Olympics). The governing rule of the series was that the creative staff change from episode to episode. While later other anime series like Nippon Animation's Famous Works of Japanese Literature would attempt the same, none would be as long-lived or successful.  The rotation idea was that of director Sugii Gisaburo, a visual visionary unequaled in Japanese film history who has revolutionized anime several times in his career, be it in the 1967 TV series Goku's Big Adventure, in which he sought to shake anime free from the dominance of story development by yanking it back to a more cartoonish form, or The Belladonna of Sadness, where he broke the Disney full-animation mold, creating a full-length animated film in a completely new style that was a hybrid of still drawings and animation. The reason for rotating the staff each episode was so that each episode would have a completely different look and feel from its predecessor, and in this it was eminently successful. This is a series that is genuinely rewarding to watch, and is visually one of the richest in anime history.  While this system also meant that quality varied, there were also occasionally superb episodes, as on the staff were many veterans like Group Tac founder SUGII Gisaburo himself, SHIBAYAMA Tsutomu, FURUZAWA Hideo, RIN Taro, and HIKONE Norio. Old episodes started being repeated more and more frequently as the years went on, and production of new episodes finally ceased completely in late 1995, but the series is still widely broadcast.  (Source: Pelleas)
A remake of the 1970's version.
The story follows the daily life of a Akko-chan who is a new young wife.
TV anime show based on the manga by F. Fujio Fujiko.
A comedy about a former genius who has now become very eccentric and senile. His family deals with all the crazy problems he and his old friends cause around the neighborhood. (Source: AniDB)
All children dream to have a friend straight from a fairy tale... A little boy opens his closet and finds a strange creature with a parasol sitting in there. Nobody knows how he got there and from what mysterious worlds he is, but it is a fast friendship from the beginning. And nobody can ever know...  (Source: ANN) 
Documentary in which the achievement of Ernest "Black Wolf" Thompson is settled in different Episodes. Every single episode is a documentary in which one sort of Animal is described.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
The series stars Hat, the descendant of a hero who fought an evil king and sealed Devildom. Hat falls into Devildom and finds he has to defeat the evil king. (Source: AniDB)
Robin Jr. and his friends fight to save the solar system.
A public service proverb-of-the-week anime. Peter the salary man lives a very unhealthy lifestyle, starving then bingeing until he feels seek, or slobbing around the house until badgered into taking up exercise, during which he invariably pulls a muscle. (Source: ANN)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
Based on the children's award winning manga by Kobayashi Yoshinori, serialized in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic.
Based on the same name yonkoma manga by Ueda Masashi, serialized in Weekly Manga Action. From putting his head of department to embarrasment by announcing to everyone that he has haemmorrhoids through the PA system in a public park to making a whole district dissapointed by putting a notice that there will be a fireworks display, and apparently the only "display" is him holding one small fireworks, Kariage-kun tells the amusing everyday life of, well, Kariage-kun.  His typical victim is his head of department, although anyone (or anything) can become a prey to his irony or sarcasm. The story began and ended with no special beginning or endings, but it is arranged chronologically (in the sense that it follows seasonal changes). (Source: ANN)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
An NHK toddler's anime following creatures representing different human traits like gluttony or fear. It is akin to the British children's book and cartoon series "Mr. Men."
Created from the aftermath of the last great battle of the gods, Lodoss and its kingdoms have been plagued by war for thousands of years. As a quiet peace and unity finally become foreseeable over the land, an unknown evil begins to stir. An ancient witch has awakened, bent on preserving the island of Lodoss by creating political unbalance throughout the many kingdoms and keeping any one from maintaining central control. Only a mixed-race party of six young champions, led by the young warrior Parn, stand between this new threat and Lodoss' descent back into the darkness of war and destruction.  (Source: ANN) 
It is the year 2808. Three convicts are recruited as members of the Cyber Police to keep major criminal activity in Oedo (formerly Tokyo) in check. In return, their life sentences will be reduced by a few years for every mission accomplished. However, to ensure that these convicts are doing their job, the police have secured special collars around their necks. If they attempt to remove their collars or fail to meet the time limit of their mission, the collars will self-destruct.  (Source: ANN)
The year is 2027 in MegaTokyo, six years before the Knight Sabers will make their debut. Boomers (artificial humans) are still a relatively new advancement, and the implementation and integration of boomers into society is still a bit buggy -- sometimes fatally so. Whenever a boomer incident occurs, though, there is the Advanced Police, a special force trained to deal with boomer crimes. Leon McNichol is a rookie in the AD Police, and is just starting to become exposed to the horrors and tragedies one finds every day in MegaTokyo. He and his veteran partner, Gina Marceau, slowly learn about the ever-fading line that separates man from machine. 
In 1990, Bandai produced the 4 episode OVA series SD Gundam Gaiden. Directed by Tetsuro Amino (Macross 7, SD Gundam's Counterattack), this series is set in the medieval fantasy world Suda Doaka. Once again, popular Gundam characters such as Amuro Ray and Char Aznable are featured in the series, along with fantasy-styled versions of well-known mobile suits.  In this series, the heroic Knight Gundam and his companions must protect Suda Doaka from the evils of Satan Gundam and Sieg Zeon. Much of the series is set in the Kingdom of Lacroa, which is featured in several SD productions, including the 2003 TV series SD Gundam Force. As is the case with all the older SD productions, SD Gundam Gaiden isn't available in the U.S. (Source: AniDB)
Tales of Titillation Let U-Jin's brand of erotic humor entice you into the world of adult fantasy animation, and tickle your funny bone, among other places, in the process. Being the most famous of the erotic manga artists in Japan, this sampling of U-Jin's work shows how funny an adult Anime can be! In this collection of stories, we have four fine funny tales to tantalize your funny bone. First, in Playground Nostalgia we see how far a geek will go to get a little peek at panties. Then, in How to Get a Pizza for Free see what trials and tribulations a pizza delivery man must endure. Thirdly, we have Sailor Warrior Akko, an adult parody for Ultraman fans everywhere. Lastly, in Tai-Chi Girl, meet Chin Chin, a woman from China who provides a very special service to her Japanese clientele!  Tales of Misbehavior In this second spicy collection, we have three new tantalizing tales. First, Lusty Long-Distance Commute gives a straight-laced Salary man his wildest fantasy, oral sex on a crowded train! Too bad she didn't know about... Next, in The Match Vendor we have a match-selling woman who bares it all for a price. Lastly, we have the ever-lovely Part-Time Nurse, who knows just what it takes to get her patients to bend over and take it!  Tales of Sintillation In our final installment of these spicy erotic tales from Japan, we have a most special treat for the Adult Anime fan. In Tales of Sintillation we have a six-pack of juicy tales to wet your whistle, among other parts of your body. This erotic anime video is full of the tantalizing tidbits you love Kitty for. We have: 1) What a Happy Story, 2) How to Get Over a Slump, 3) Aim at the Ace!, 4) The Most Terrifying Story, 5) Go Girl for World Peace!, and 6) The Legendary Girl. (Source: Media Blasters)
Car racing anime, based on the manga by Kaoru Shintani that serialised in Big Comic Superior from 1988 to 1990. 
Demons take multiple forms, in this case there's one thats the mightest of all and has to be satisfied with the flesh of woman. He searches for his preys in the form of a woman, so they won't be feared.  (Source: ANN)
Well, in short, the mother looks like she's 14, and the kid is "openly" in love with her—loli x motha-con. His teacher, too, is in love with her mother, and so the love rivals duke it out in classroom, as well as plotting the downfall of their common enemy, his father. The father has a secretary who is in love with him. But once she discovered that he has such a "young" wife she turned her attention to his son, who is now torn between his own mother and a naive, motorbike riding girlfriend. Later on, the class gets a new student who looks exactly like the mother, whom everybody falls for. Except that the student is a he... Yagami-kun OAV has a good chance of being the only anime of which the production video (tagged along with some episode) is more interesting than the anime itself. And they weren't kidding about 'Low budget manga spinoff anime aimed at exploiting the existing fan base.  (Source: users.skynet.be/mangaguide)
Reborn as a woman named Aiko, the soldier rises as the military leader of a new crusade, successfully unites the world and abolishes all religion. Haunted by memories of a past life, Aiko travels backwards in time, and finds herself caught in an incredible battle to save the future. (Source: ANN)
The fourth and final OVA of the Leina-centric Machine Robo: Revenge of Chronos spin-off/sequel. Instead of following the story of the previous Wolf Sword Legend continuity, Lightning Trap takes place in another universe. In present day Tokyo, traveling has never been more comfortable than aboard the Lightning L808, Japan's new luxury passenger plane. One day, on what seemed to be a routine flight, Haruka Leina and the plane's passengers were unaware of the mysterious and top secret cargo brought aboard, which attracted the attention of international terrorists set on obtaining it. Now, with a dangerous hostage situation at hand, only special agent Laika Strange and brave Leina may be able to save the passengers, and keep the deadly cargo from falling into the wrong hands...
One night after leaving a club where he was playing trumpet, Ryou Takagi is jumped by a motorcycle gang. The scuffle spills out into the streets and causes a traffic accident. Because of this, Ryou is arrested and forced to do time. Upon his release, he has developed into a skilled boxer but trouble continues to find him. (Source: Wikipedia)
A mix of animation and live-action. 
Based on the Milky Passion manga by Morizono Milk. 
An anime adaptation of the erotic manga "Ikenai Boy" by Yoshihiro Suma, serialized in Business Jump. Our hero is the typical young energetic college boy, but he got a special gift. He has "magic hands" that puts all women in ecstasy. Obviously he is taking advantage of this gift by meeting one bishoujo after the other!  (Source: MU)
Based on the manga with the same name by Morizono Milk. 
19-year old Reiko is a rich, arrogant, material girl, who refuses to admit her feelings for classmate Tetsuya Akimoto before it's almost too late. Reiko pursues him to Tokyo and enrolls at his university in an attempt to win him back. (Source: ANN) 
Fifteen-year-old Mayumi has to move to the rough end of Osaka when her parents split and remarry. She meets Noriko, who helps her settle into her new life. Through Noriko's job at a petrol station, they got to know Big Bear and his biker gang, and eventually get into their own gang of girls racers. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
During the Onin wars in Japan's medieval Muromachi era, five powerful warriors hire out their services to the highest bidder. Onimaru is the leader; Bo handles demolitions; Saru is as agile as a monkey; Osamu is a cool tactician; and Kiri is the sexy swordswoman. The group gains an extra member when Onimaru rescues Princess Aya who naturally falls in love with him and refuses to go away. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the original story by famous Japanese comedian George Tokoro.
After his father leaves when he is very young, Kyosuke Murata grows up under the thumb of his overprotective mother, Shizuko. When he reaches adulthood, he is thrown into the harsh, violent world of Japanese gangland when his mother becomes involved in a gang-related crime. He goes up against the Murata-gumi organization, only to find that his estranged father is its head. Rising up through the ranks, Kyosuke eventually unites half the gangs in Japan beneath his own leadership, only to find that the other half have also combined to resist his new power, starting the greatest gang war in Japanese history.  (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Continuation of the everyday life adventures of the avid mahjong player Furiten-kun.
An educational anime designed to prevent child abduction. (Source: AniDB)
A theatrical re-edit/summary of the TV series. Some of the voice actors were changed (eg. Oscar is played by Keiko Toda instead of re-using the original audio by Reiko Tajima).
Two partners Effera and Jiliora escape from a slave boat with the aid of their friend Orlin and a young boy named Kilian. When Kilian is killed in the escape Effera and Jiliora take it upon themselves to return Kilian's pendant to his two siblings who are being held captive by Baron Celdion, who is plotting to take over all of the neighboring countries. (Source: ANN)
A boy named Lasset who lives on a farm in the rural northern US makes a perilous trek through the wilderness to a sanctuary 300 miles to the north to save the life of a gray wolf that he had raised from a puppy after an incident in which the wolf kills the family dog.
Hiroshima, summer of 1945. A young girl named Nobuko saves a starving kitten from crows. She wants to keep the kitten, but her parents dismiss the idea. Nobuko eventually convinces them to let her keep it. She and her brother Makoto name the cat Kuro. Kuro quickly brings joy and laughter to the family. As World War II takes its toll on Japan, it becomes harder for Nobuko and her family to care for Kuro. One August morning, Kuro begins acting strangely...
Gai, a karate expert in the New York slum, is trained to be a boxing champion by a cancer-strucken doctor and a transvestite suffering from AIDS. Based on the manga by Motoka Murakami.
Movie version of the TV series Perrine Monogatari.
On the 6th of August, 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on the city of Hiroshima. A young boy, Shigeru, left home for his job as a building excavator that morning, carrying a bento made by his mother, only to never return home again. Before long, his mother managed to find Shigeru's remains, and she noticed the completely black and carbonized bento box next to them.  This is an anime adaptation of the original book, "Makkuro na Obentou (The Charred Lunchbox)" written by Kodama Tatsuharu and illustrated by Kitajima Shinpei. The bento box that becomes the focus of the story is actually on display in the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum. (Source: AniDB)
Based on the childrens' book Little Polar Bear by Dutch author Hans de Beer.
Compilation of episodes 1-4 of the OVA.
Hurricane Live 2033: More Music of the Bubblegum Crisis spotlights the music that helped to make 80's series The Bubblegum Crisis the popular early piece of anime that its become. The hard rock songs of Priss and the Replicants are played amidst a video montage of the series' most exciting action sequences, and rarely seen live footage from the musicians themselves is also included.  (Source: Tracie Cooper, All Movie Guide)
The special is confined to the wedding of Prince Akishino with his chosen Kiko Kawashima.
The pejorative word obatalian is a pun between the Japanese word obaasan (old lady) and the English word battalion. Obatalian are known to always enter a train running as fast as they can, bumping others people in order to catch a free seat before the others. They haggle things that aren't normally haggled like grocery store produce. They are fearless and pitiless, just like a battalion of barbarians. This anime is follows 6 stories of one such Obatalian and her wake of destruction. (Source: kabuki21.com)
4-minute promotional Anime featuring super-deformed versions of the main characters from the Villgust video game series.
