Ryo Saeba is back as the City Hunter, a "sweeper" (private detective) working on the streets of Tokyo. He and sidekick Kaori Makimura are hired to solve the problems of desperate people. When Ryo is not using his sharp shooting skills against bad guys, he's aiming his sites on pretty ladies. Kaori uses a giant anti-ecchi hammer to make sure he behaves.  (Source: ANN)
14-year-old Kazami Hayato is the youngest driver of Cyber Formula, a Grand Prix in which each vehicle is equipped with computers to aid in racing. With the help of Asurada, the most advanced cybernavigation system, and team Sugo, Hayato races to become the winner of the 10th Cyber Formula Grand Prix. Along the way, Hayato will have to learn what it truly means to be a racer and that victory cannot be achieved simply by driving the best machine. In addition, Kazami will have to gain the respect of the veteran racers, thwart those who attempt to steal Asurada, and participate in races outside of Cyber Formula. (Source: ANN)
Every child deserves to have a fun and carefree childhood. Unfortunately, life is not always fair, as is the case with Mary Lennox. At a very young age, Mary loses her parents to a disease, leaving her traumatized and orphaned. From India, she is brought to England with her uncle who has taken on the role of her new guardian. Although she is sad to have lost her parents, Mary is happy and grateful to have someone to take care of her. She gets to eat everyday and live in a big mansion, things that she understands should not be taken for granted. However, her uncle is a very quiet person, hardly ever speaking to anyone. This solitude causes Mary to oftentimes get bored to tears, forcing her to relive horrible memories of her past. As she enjoys a stroll outside one day, she discovers a secret garden near her home. Along with her new friends, Dicon and Martha, as well as her disabled cousin, Collin, Mary embarks on a journey that is sure to brighten her dull life to the uttermost extreme!
This is a heart-warming story with three little ghost called There, Here and Where. They are not scary like usual ghosts but pretty and mischievous like human children. Of course they sometimes surprise people by disappearing or flying, but they are loved as children's friends. 
Suddenly, an evil empire, Jaaku, raids the Earth. But the light appears from the Earth, and fights against Jaaku. It is Raijin Oh operated by Eldran. Eldran has protected the earth since the ancient ages. But he was injured during the fight, and Raijin-Oh falls to the ground. On the other hand, Jaaku scatters their weapons, Aku-Darmer, all over the world. Meanwhile, in Youshou elementary school, they have extra lessons in the 3rd class of the 5th grade. Eldran leaves Raijin Medal to them and asks them to save the Earth for him, and then he disappeared. In this way, the Earth Defense Agency consisted of elementary students is founded. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Twenty years into the future, a city now called "Tokyo" has developed into one of the few world-class high-tech centers, "Tokyo City." The main character, Ken Kanzaki, is a young investigator assigned to the criminal investigation section of the Metropolital Police. He is one of the finest sharp shooters in the Police.One day, Ken is ordered to provide security for a party held by for "Zaizen Konzern," a world-class plutocracy. All of a sudden, spector robots appear and distrupt the party. Zaizen, a commander-in-chief, is killed and both Ken and Jun. Zaizen's son,are fatally injured by the robots. Two of the party's guests, an auto-racer, Ryo Aguri,and a wresler, Go Goda, also receive serious injuries. Three severely injured young men are operated upon by scientists from the Metropolitan Police. Several days later, a robot corp led by a mysterious organization called "Ido" appears in the floating-town of the Tokyo Bay. But the Police and the Army have no effective strategies to contain them. At that moment, three young men attired in mechanical suits enter. They are the very three young men, Ken, Ryo and Go, who have been turned into the cyborg investigators through the operation. They call themselves "Armored Police Metal Jacks". "Metal Jacks," dazzlingly switching from "Jack Suits" to "Jack Armors," completely demolish the robot corp and achieve victory, thus signals the beginning of the battle between the high-tech criminals and "Metal Jacks" with a futuristic "Tokyo City" in the background.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
In 2018 a young boy named 21 Emon dreams of becoming a space pilot and exploring space in general. He is the heir to a long line of hotel owners, which dates back to the founder of during the Tokugawa shogunate. Since the Earth has become a planet visited by tourists from all over the space, 21 Emon has to help out his family's business or they'll go bankrupt.
There is a small village called Janken Town. The hero Jankenman protects the village and defeats his adversaries by playing games of rock-paper-scissors with them. Meanwhile, the villain Osodashi Mask always tries to deceive others. (Source: AniDB)
The anime is based on the 4-panel comic strip drawn by Morishita Hiromi and published in Young Jump. The story describes the daily life of Ashibe (an elementary school boy) and his family and friends, including a pet white sea lion.
Komachi is a little ghost who died during the Meiji Era and has hung around earth as a wandering spirit girl for over a hundred years. Komachi appears in the room of a young girl named Anko and the two get wrapped up in all sorts of adventures involving other ghosts and demons. (Source: TV Asahi)
Fifth-grader Nabeyama Konbu is the son of a cook in a slice-of-life gourmet comedy that tries to add an element of adventure to slaving in the kitchen. Konbu helps his father solve problems in the world through the judicious use of seasonings, the right choice of menu, and the pleasing of fickle customers. (Source: AniDB)
An NHK toddler's anime following a brother and sister pair in their every day life (with some eps revolving around their baby brother).
A fusion of animation and claymation to teach kids discipline and morality originally aired as a part of the early morning children's program Hirake! Ponkikki before the anime was combined and released on VHS. Based on the children's book series Ekubo-chan to Buba-chan.
An anime made for toddlers following weather themed characters, originally aired as a part of the early morning children's program Hirake! Ponkikki before the anime was combined and released on VHS.
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ranma Saotome is a top-class martial artist and prodigy at the Saotome "Anything-Goes" school of martial arts. While training in China, he and his father meet a terrible fate when they accidentally fall into a cursed spring. Now, Ranma is cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and only hot water can turn him back into a boy. Things are only complicated further when Ranma discovers that his father has arranged for him to marry one of Soun Tendo's three daughters in order to secure the future of the Tendo dojo. Though Soun learns of Ranma's predicament, he is still determined to go ahead with the engagement, and chooses his youngest daughter Akane, who happens to be a skilled martial artist herself and is notorious for hating men. Ranma ½ follows the hilarious adventures of Ranma and Akane as they encounter various opponents, meet new love interests, and find different ways to make each other angry, all while their engagement hangs over their head. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the remote and mysterious Moomin Valley live the Moomin trolls, gentle and peaceful creatures. Young Moomin and his family experience many strange adventures, both magical and mundane. Based on the children's stories by Tove Jansson.  (Source: ANN) 
Yawara! is a sports anime laced with comedic and romance elements. It starts off with Yawara Inokuma, a high school girl who is most interested in doing the things that your average Japanese high school girl does; however, she has been trained in Judo for years by her grandfather, Jigorou (A former Japan Judo Champion), who has much grander plans in store for her as a Judo superstar. He manipulates matters so that Yawara ends up having to perform in matches and tournaments. His final plan is for Yawara to "Win the Gold Medal in the Olympics and be awarded the Nation Medal of Honor." (Source: AniDB, edited)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life.  (Source: ANN)
A variant of Robin Hood in which all the principal characters are teenagers. Several centuries ago in Nottingham County, a cruel and greedy baron by the name of Alwine ordered the destruction of the Huntingtons' castle—from the fire of which Robin and his cousins, Will, Winifred and Barbara, miraculously escaped. The youngsters sought shelter in Sherwood Forest, where, thanks to the wise guidance of the hermit better known as "Friar Tuck," they managed to face the difficulties of a life in the wilderness as as well as they could; however, in the forest there lived a fearless group of young bandits, led by Little John. Their first encounter with Robin and his cousins was at first rather stormy, as the two groups fought for the destiny of a young, noble maiden named Marian who had fallen into the hands of the bandits during an ambush. Their bitterness, however, rapidly lead the way to friendship, and Robin and John later realized they were all victims of the same fate. The youngsters thus mutually decided to help one another. Baron Alwine was not merely enemy of the Huntingtons—in fact, a couple years earlier he had forced Little John and his gang to seek protection in the forest to avoid forced labour. He would later seek Marian Lancaster for the secret carved on a cross the girl wore as symbol of her family line. The girl was to be adopted by the shady Bishop Herfort—Alwine's accomplice—who sought to attain the Lancaster's wealth. With all their strength, Robin and his friends were then compelled to fight against the baron's troops, led by Gilbert—a dangerous and fearless knight. When Winifred and Marian were then imprisoned in the castle's dungeons, our heroes tried in every way possible to enter until their ardour was finally rewarded with success. Thanks to his noble heart and heed for danger, Robin became rapidly known as the protector of the poor and oppressed. Beloved and highly esteemed not only by the villagers, but also and especially by the sweet and beautiful Marian he was. The boy who never parted from his loyal, magical bow, endlessly engaged in dangerous and unthinkable missions.
Based on the same story that produced the classic musical 'The Sound of Music', this is the story of Maria, who leaves her life in a convent to take up the responsibility of taking care of Captain Trapp's children. (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
An evil alien life form, Dryus, assaulted the Earth. The leader of Space Patrol, Fighbird, pursed Dryus to the Earth. Fighbird combined with an android that Dr. Amano was developing. Fighbird named Hidori Ryutaro and fight against Dryus to protect the peace of the Earth.  At first look, he was a normal person, but because he was an alien, Fibird, his acts were a bit away from the normal persons'. Usually, he worked for Dr. Amano as an assistant. He looked uncouth always wearing while coat and glasses. However, once enemy appears, his personality changed dramatically. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Patricia and Isabel O'Sullivan arrives at the St. Claire, a college for girls, to study and live in the new home. In there place, they meet to Alison, Wella, Catherine and Doris, who live too in the St. Claire, and join with their in the team spirit. All together, the girls play games and fun long time, living in harmony until appears Winfred, a sulky rude and antisocial girl that no will doubt in to create all kind of troubles for the O'Sullivan twins and their friends... (Source: vtap.com)
The show starts with the tale of Chitose Fujinomiya, a girl who goes from riches to rags and back and remains a snob despite it all. When her wealthy father dies, remaining debts leave Chitose almost broke, and she is kicked out of the affluent Tokai no Gakuen, or City Academy. She is left with nothing in the world but the clothes on her back and one pink goldfish named Gyopi-chan, the only memento she has of her father. Wandering lost, she collapses on the grounds of the poor-but-happy Inaka no Chugakko (Country Jr. High School), where the students are rough if friendly, and farm animals regularly roam the school grounds and even attend class. Recovering, she enters into the school but is repelled by its air of poverty, to which she is unaccustomed.  (Source: AnimeNfo)
500 years ago in the Tensho Era of Japan, a man was born who defied the will of a demon; a man who had gods of good on his side; a man destined to battle evil....his name was Kabuto. Somehow, Kuroyasya Douki, the vile Black Night Demon, escaped his prison in hell and returned to the earthly plane to wreak vengeance on the family-line of Kabuto. None can escape his deadly magic and masterful skills with the blade; however, the gods of the North, West, East, and South band together to help Kabuto stand for Justice. With the questionable help of a diabolical talking sword that his own father forged, Kabuto may live another day to see his own sons born....
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs. (Source: ANN)
A new Getter robot is piloted by three youth as they combat the evil terrors that plague the world.
Marina is a mermaid who is in love with Prince Justin, a human prince from a kingdom on the shore. Marina saves Justin when he almost drowns after a chase from a giant Cyclops and a shipwreck attack from a three-headed sea serpent. She then makes a deal with Hedwig the sea witch to become human temporarily to try to win Justin's love. Justin and Marina become close but Justin thinks that Princess Cecily, a human princess, was the one who saved him from drowning and therefore he gets engaged to her. Justin eventually remembers that Marina was the one who saved his life but by then Marina becomes a mermaid again. The two continue to secretly meet and try to find a way to be together while dealing with Hedwig's plans to take over the kingdom, and Cecily's attempts to get Justin to marry her. Marina and Justin are aided by their underwater friends, Winnie the seahorse, Bobo the tropical fish, and Ridley the sea otter. They are also aided by the wizard Anselm and by Chauncey, Justin's page. (Source: Wikipedia)
Oishinbo is a drama about newspaper reporters. The main character is a cynical food critic named Yamaoka. Oishinbo is a popular mainstream comic for adults in Japan. It is even mentioned in an episode of "Iron Chef." (Source: AniDB)
Coult, the prince of the kingdom of Loon, is living a happy life with his father King Stephan and many retainers. He is cheerful, bright, tender-hearted, and gifted by the god Aganade. Coult’s mother Galatea (the daughter of Aganade) married King Stephan. However, Medusa, the daughter of the evil spirit, was envious of her happiness and turned her into a statue together with many villagers when Coult was still a baby. In order to save the other villagers, Stephan pledged allegiance to Medusa, and was forced to promise to make Coult do the same on his 8th birthday. When the day arrives, Coult declares that he will defeat Medusa and revive the people who were turned into statues. He sets out on a long journey to search for the daughter of the evil spirit.  (Source: Nippon Animation)
An omnibus-format TV series consisting of anime adaptations of Japanese folk tales, this is one of Japan's longest-running TV series, and Group Tac's second TV series (the first was The Road to Munich, a documentary anime about the 1972 Olympics). The governing rule of the series was that the creative staff change from episode to episode. While later other anime series like Nippon Animation's Famous Works of Japanese Literature would attempt the same, none would be as long-lived or successful.  The rotation idea was that of director Sugii Gisaburo, a visual visionary unequaled in Japanese film history who has revolutionized anime several times in his career, be it in the 1967 TV series Goku's Big Adventure, in which he sought to shake anime free from the dominance of story development by yanking it back to a more cartoonish form, or The Belladonna of Sadness, where he broke the Disney full-animation mold, creating a full-length animated film in a completely new style that was a hybrid of still drawings and animation. The reason for rotating the staff each episode was so that each episode would have a completely different look and feel from its predecessor, and in this it was eminently successful. This is a series that is genuinely rewarding to watch, and is visually one of the richest in anime history.  While this system also meant that quality varied, there were also occasionally superb episodes, as on the staff were many veterans like Group Tac founder SUGII Gisaburo himself, SHIBAYAMA Tsutomu, FURUZAWA Hideo, RIN Taro, and HIKONE Norio. Old episodes started being repeated more and more frequently as the years went on, and production of new episodes finally ceased completely in late 1995, but the series is still widely broadcast.  (Source: Pelleas)
Magical Taruruto-kun is a magical boy, fighting, and comedy TV show based on the manga of the same name by Tatsuya Egawa which ran in Weekly Shounen Jump.
He is a little boy who has a terrible power. On his forehead is a third eye that, if open, releases extremely dangerous mystical energy that turns him into an evil sorcerer, bent on conquering mankind, and able to summon demons and wielding a red harpoon wand called Red Condor. To protect mankind from his terrible power, Sharaku is made to wear a bandage which seals his third eye. While his eye is sealed, Sharaku knows nothing of his true nature or his power, and does not remember his evil half's sinister attempts to conquer the world.
The story follows the daily life of a Akko-chan who is a new young wife.
Matsugorou is a vile doctor who plots out a plan to take over the world by commanding his own robotic army. The only chance the world has is a group of three brothers that make up a team called the Emergency Departure Saver Kids. (Source: ANN)
It is the time of civil war. Zipangu is a country where people live together with gimmick warriors, a kind of super human robot. There, people and gimmick warriors struggle to seize power. Musashi, a Samurai gimmick warrior, departs to on a quest to become the best Samurai warrior. Musashi thrives in the series of battles, encountering with many heroes and villains including his lifelong rival, Kojiro, an expert swordsman. Later, Mushashi and Kojiro are sent by their General to escort the Princess, a granddaughter of the general. The princess is spoiled and difficult, so their journey becomes series of misadventures. Soon, they are caught up in a battle to seize control of the Country.
The adventure of Hepoi, a hero of heporis, Ryuuto, the prince of Dragonia, Miiya Miiya a fairy looks like a cat, and Bunzaemon, a merchant, to defeat Dracunes, the King of dark side castles.
Holly the Ghost is about Holly (Chocola) who wants to be a "holly ghost". "Holly ghost" is a group of "monsters" who spread fear. Their leader is a witch called Majoline. Together with his 4 new friends (Candy, Toreppaa, etc) he learns to be a real "holly ghost".
A public service proverb-of-the-week anime. Peter the salary man lives a very unhealthy lifestyle, starving then bingeing until he feels seek, or slobbing around the house until badgered into taking up exercise, during which he invariably pulls a muscle. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the children's award winning manga by Kobayashi Yoshinori, serialized in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic.
Based on the same name slice of life manga by Saigan Ryouhei.
As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB)
The 150-year-long stalemate between the two interstellar superpowers, the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance, comes to an end when a new generation of leaders arises: the idealistic military genius Reinhard von Lohengramm, and the FPA's reserved historian, Yang Wenli. While Reinhard climbs the ranks of the Empire with the aid of his childhood friend, Siegfried Kircheis, he must fight not only the war, but also the remnants of the crumbling Goldenbaum Dynasty in order to free his sister from the Kaiser and unify humanity under one genuine ruler. Meanwhile, on the other side of the galaxy, Yang—a strong supporter of democratic ideals—has to stand firm in his beliefs, despite the struggles of the FPA, and show his pupil, Julian Mintz, that autocracy is not the solution. As ideologies clash amidst the war's many casualties, the two strategic masterminds must ask themselves what the real reason behind their battle is. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It is the year 0083 of the Universal Century. The rebellious Principality of Zeon has been defeated in the One Year War by the Earth Federation. However, a faction of Zeon remnants led by Aguille Delaz fled from the final battle, hiding themselves away. After three long years, they attempt to rise up once more, sending Delaz’s ace pilot, Anavel Gato, to infiltrate a Federation research base to steal one of two secretly developed prototype Gundams along with its deadly nuclear warhead. Threatened by the rogue Gundam suit and seeking to retain peace, the Earth Federation mobilizes the newly developed Albion carrier to recover the stolen unit. Manned by the remaining test pilots, with rookie pilot Kou Uraki piloting the remaining prototype Gundam, the Albion and her crew are determined to stop Gato, retake the stolen Gundam, and prevent the Zeon remnants from starting another war. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The saga of the Knight Sabers continues as the group tries to find out who or what is behind the recent string of robberies, murders, and Boomer malfunctions which are somehow related to the creation of an advanced artificial intelligence. Furthermore, it seems that the Knight Sabers may be breaking up.  (Source: ANN)
At the dawn of time, the gods ruled the universe under the leadership of the mighty Tentei. But suddenly, the ferocious general, Taishakuten, appears, and destroys Tentei. Taishakuten declares that a new age has begun, and all who oppose him will die horribly. But legend says that a shimmering six-pointed star will rise into the heavens and restore the world to a golden age. The six points are six warriors, each with the power to move the stars and the hearts of all people...  (Source: ANN)
Transfer student Takisawa Noboru quickly learns that all disputes at his new school are settled in the boxing ring. Now he finds himself in a series of showdowns with the local top dog, Ibuki Saburo, for the love and respect of the beautiful Yukari. (Source: ANN)
Yotsuya and Ichinose are enjoying a hot afternoon when they recall the time that the tenants of Ikkoku-kan and Mitaka go off on a cruise to party hard aboard Mitaka's new boat; however, the boat falls apart, and everyone is shipwrecked on a deserted island. With everyone up to their usual antics and shenanigans, what can happen in such a desolate place?
Having spent time at a juvenile corrections facility, teenage delinquent Saki Asamiya is given a chance to redeem herself and delay her mother's possible death sentence by working as an undercover cop. Armed with nothing but a special yo-yo, Saki's assignment is to return to her high school and investigate on the corruption and mysterious deaths among the students. But in order to find the answers to the condition of her school, she must confront the wealthy and powerful Mizuchi sisters, who moved in and have taken control after her previous expulsion.  (Source: ANN)
The Abashiri family is one of the most notorious criminal gangs ever. Papa Abashiri decides that it's about time his little girl is raised more appropriately, as a young lady and not as a member of a deadly gang. He decides to send his dear daughter Kukunosuke to an elite boarding school. The problem is this school doesn't have any intention of graduating their students. Crazed faculty members with homicidal and perverted tendencies, violent and unfriendly classmates, all of them welcome Kukunosuke to her new home. Pretty soon, it's an all-out teacher vs. students war. Will she be able to finish school before school finishes her? 
Hoichiro Ohma works in an office. Everybody knows him as a silent, humble man. Even his girlfriend, Nanase, doesn't suspect that he could be something more, but he is. When a person dies as a victim of murder; when someone kills himself with a curse on his lips; when someone's death needs to be judged, he is there, for he is a Judge Of Darkness. Following the Laws Of Darkness, with a book made of human skin and an unusual parrot, he pronounces judgement over living criminals that would otherwise go free. (Source: ANN)
The four Ryudo brothers hold an ancient secret - they are descended from the dragons. They have the speed, strength and power of their legendary ancestors - and they're getting stronger. But when pushed to the limit, they become the terrifying, uncontrollable dragons of mythology. These powers have attracted the attention of some powerful enemies - shadowy organizations with unlimited resources and weapons who will stop at nothing to control the brothers. (Source: U.S. Manga)
Based on the Adachi manga of the same name. The story revolves around a romantic triangle formed by the girl Minatsu Nakazato, a young student and softball player; Shu Akiba, a schoolmate; and Naoto Kadomatsu, an up-and-coming boxer. In reality the three-way relationship is more like three-and-a-half, considering that Naoto is in love with Maria... actually Minatsu herself, who'd once disguised herself to escape some evildoers.
In the blink of an eye, high school student Taku Shimamura finds himself transported to the bizarre world of Slaffleaze, where intelligent creatures govern and the ruling class, led by the villainous Zolba, is plotting the invasion of the world they know as Capricorn, the Earth. Joining together with the oppressed Slaffleaze peasants, Taku must find a way to stop Zolba`s dark forces before the way to the unsuspecting Earth is opened. In order to do so, he must first gain the love and trust of the last of the Yappie, the ancestral guardians of Slaffeaze. This is a task that will take more than a little courage and daring, for the last Yappie is not just a cute young female, she`s also a dragon. (Source: ANN)
Japan is secretly controlled by a tyrannical group of ninjas called the Shinogara. Their finest assassin is a man named Hayate Kanuma, whose father leads the Shinogara.  Hayate, however, knows that the secret society's control over Japan is wrong. Sacrificing his own safety, Hayate kills his father. Now he's on the run, safe almost nowhere from his vengeful former comrades except perhaps for the one hiding place he decides upon: his sister. After possibly being fatally wounded, Hayate is able to transfer his soul into his sister's body, temporarily sharing it with her. His sister, Shiori, can awaken Hayate and call upon his ninja abilities when the Shinogara are close at hand but each time she does so, a little more of her true self is lost. This arrangement can't possibly go on forever, so how will Hayate finally defeat the Shinogara?  (Source: Cammila Albertson)
Based on the gag manga by Hisashi Eguchi. Originally released as a feature part of Studio Pierrot's video magazine show Anime V Comic Rentaman (アニメ・V・コミック レンタマン) along with Abashiri Ikka, Yumemakura Baku Twilight Gekijou and Akai Hayate.  (Source: AniDB) 
Actually, that 1991 date is misleading. The Symphonic Poem originated with the music Isao Tomita wrote for Jungle Emperor in 1965. He re-worked his music into a long form which tells a story by itself. (This form of music was termed "symphonic poem" or "tone poem" by composers in the late Romantic era.) So music that was written originally to enhance visual story telling became the story teller. Tomita's symphonic poem was recorded in the mid-60s and issued on LP in Japan. More than once, in fact. It has also been on CD more than once. In 1991, Tezuka Productions turned the process upside down and created new animation to illustrate the symphonic poem. The story is basically that of the first Kimba episode. We see the peaceful animal kingdom under Panja, the coming of the hunters, Eliza's capture and Panja's death. Kimba is born and escapes back to Africa. All this told without a single word spoken. The style of the Symphonic Poem's animation is unique. It draws heavily on the style of the 1989 TV series, but Kimba looks different from the way he looked in any other production. (Source: kimbawlion.com)
Originally released as a feature part of Studio Pierrot's video magazine show Anime V Comic Rentaman (アニメ・V・コミック レンタマン) along with Abashiri Ikka, Eguchi Hisashi no Kotobuki Gorou Show and Akai Hayate.  (Source: AniDB) 
Anime based on a 1986 novel.
Okama is a man who has some problems. First off, his name means 'gay' in Japanese. Next, he has the hots for himself dressed as a girl. Finally, he ends up working at a transvestite bar where he has befriended a girl named Miki. This is not an easy matter to solve, because she only knows him as his female counterpart named Catherine. So how is a guy dressed as a girl supposed to come out to a girl as a heterosexual male? To make matters worse, she has a boyfriend who is trying everything in the book to get with her. Enter the exciting world of Okama Hakusho where love comes in many different flavors!
This manga depicts the life of Shizuya Kondou, a man who designs underwear by day and is "don" of a gang at night. (Source: ANN)
Chisato's journey home from Manchuria after the war. 
Based on the manga by Big Joe (ビッグ錠).
After the death of his elder brother, Ginjiro Yamazaki appoints himself his parents' protector. After transferring to a new school, he gets into a lot of fights. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Based on a seinen manga written by Takahashi Michitsuna and illustrated by Kazama Eiji, serialised in Weekly Manga Action.
These "amusing" adventures of a golf-crazy Office Lady were based on a manga from Weekly Spa! magazine by Yutsuko Chudoji. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
A video for kids shown in japanese schools to prevent against kid abduction.
Based on the RPG game series "Jungle Wars", released on Game Boy and Super Famicom. (Source: AniDB)
(No synopsis yet.)
Three years after the defeat of Gargoyle and Neo-Atlantis, a new threat has surfaced bent on bringing the world under his control. Geiger, using advanced robot technology, is attempting to begin a world war, and take control of the devistated world after the destruction has stopped. Once again, Nadia and Jean must fight to save the world, only this time from itself.  (Source: ANN)
The story of an albino whale used in a circus, and the efforts of young children to free him from captivity. (Source: ANN)
Based on Suzuki Kouji's novel Paradise, which won the Japan Fantasy Novel Award in 1991. (Source: AniDB)
A 1991 Korean Historical movie.
