Tekkaman Blade takes place in the year 2300 AD. On a certain moment, the Radam attack earth. A few months after the beginning of the invasion, a tekkaman appears, he calls himself Blade and with the help of the Space Knights, Blade starts to fight the radam. But there are a few things that Blade isn't telling about his past.  (Source: ANN)
 Natsumi Mizuki is a 4th grader whose parents have gone to London. Her Aunt Izumi comes to live with her. Izumi is an aspiring manga writer who is trying to get her first big break, so she doesn't have time for a baby that appears out of thin air on Natsumi's first night alone. The baby's name is Mirai and her mother is *Natsumi*, but 15 years older. Somehow, Mirai had traveled back in time. Now the young Natsumi has to raise Mirai while trying to keep her 4th grade life from falling apart and keep Mirai-chan secret from everyone. She has the dubious help of Izumi and some baby-care gadgets from the future.  (Source: ANN)
One day, the Earth was assaulted by a space pirate, Orbus. He aimed at Planet Energy, the life energy of the Earth. If several Release Points, where the Planet Energy concentrated, were attacked at once, the Earth would explode. When the first attack was made, Takasugi Seiji escaped into an old temple with his girl friend Kosaka Hikaru. Then, he received, Orin, a token of the leader of the Earth guardians, from the conscience of the Earth. By the power of Orin, the patrol car was turned into a Robot, Da Garn.  (Source: AnimeNfo)
Mary Bell, a magical girl who looks like a girl around five years old, comes to the human world from a magical world called "Flower Magic World", and helps and encourages people. (Source: Wikipedia)
When Jackie Rhodes, a british girl living in Kenya with her family, finds an ill animal called a Bushbaby, she adopts him, calls him Murphy and nurses him back to health. Murphy, Jackie, her family and their friends go on many adventures involving wild animals, poachers and more. But when Jackie's father is recalled to England, Jackie must leave her life in Africa behind. However, before she can go, Jackie, Murphy and Tembo, a friend of Jackie's father, go on one last adventure: they must cross the dangerous savannah to escape the poachers and corrupt police officers chasing them. Along the way, Jackie teaches the now domesticated Murphy to survive in the wild, so that, before she leaves, she can release him in his natural habitat. (Source: ANN)
The series follows Officer Black Cat's adventures around the forest neighbourhood, apprehending criminals, dealing justice, and solving crimes.
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ranma Saotome is a top-class martial artist and prodigy at the Saotome "Anything-Goes" school of martial arts. While training in China, he and his father meet a terrible fate when they accidentally fall into a cursed spring. Now, Ranma is cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and only hot water can turn him back into a boy. Things are only complicated further when Ranma discovers that his father has arranged for him to marry one of Soun Tendo's three daughters in order to secure the future of the Tendo dojo. Though Soun learns of Ranma's predicament, he is still determined to go ahead with the engagement, and chooses his youngest daughter Akane, who happens to be a skilled martial artist herself and is notorious for hating men. Ranma ½ follows the hilarious adventures of Ranma and Akane as they encounter various opponents, meet new love interests, and find different ways to make each other angry, all while their engagement hangs over their head. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When 16-year-old Nanako Misonoo enters the prestigious all-girls Seiran Academy, she believes a bright future awaits her. Instead, the unlucky girl finds herself dragged into a web of deceit, misery, and jealousy. On top of that, she is chosen as the newest inductee of the Sorority, an elite group whose members are the envy of the entire school. Having none of the grace, wealth, or talent of the other members, Nanako quickly draws the ire of her jealous classmates—especially the fierce Aya Misaki. To cope with her increasingly difficult school life, Nanako recalls her days through letters to her former teacher, Takehiko Henmi, whom she affectionately calls "onii-sama" (big brother). She also finds comfort with her four closest friends: her childhood friend Tomoko Arikura, the sociable but erratic Mariko Shinobu, the troubled musician Rei Asaka, and the athletic tomboy Kaoru Orihara. An impassioned drama about the hardships of bullying, Oniisama e... chronicles a young girl's harsh life at her new school, as she endures cruel rumours, heartless classmates, and countless social trials. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After the defeat of the demon lord Hadlar all of the monsters were unleashed from his evil will and moved to the island of Delmurin to live in peace. Dai is the only human living on the island. Having been raised by the kindly monster Brass, Dai's dream is to grow up to be a hero. He gets to become one when Hadlar is resurrected and the previous hero, Avan, comes to train Dai to help in the battle. But Hadlar, announcing that he now works for an even more powerful demon lord, comes to kill Avan. To save his students Avan uses a Self-Sacrifice spell to attack, but is unable to defeat Hadlar. When it seems that Dai and Avan's other student Pop are doomed a mark appears on Dai's forehead and he suddenly gains super powers and is able to fend off Hadlar. The two students then go off on a journey to avenge Avan and bring peace back to the world. (Source: ANN)
Yawara! is a sports anime laced with comedic and romance elements. It starts off with Yawara Inokuma, a high school girl who is most interested in doing the things that your average Japanese high school girl does; however, she has been trained in Judo for years by her grandfather, Jigorou (A former Japan Judo Champion), who has much grander plans in store for her as a Judo superstar. He manipulates matters so that Yawara ends up having to perform in matches and tournaments. His final plan is for Yawara to "Win the Gold Medal in the Olympics and be awarded the Nation Medal of Honor." (Source: AniDB, edited)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life.  (Source: ANN)
A variant of Robin Hood in which all the principal characters are teenagers. Several centuries ago in Nottingham County, a cruel and greedy baron by the name of Alwine ordered the destruction of the Huntingtons' castle—from the fire of which Robin and his cousins, Will, Winifred and Barbara, miraculously escaped. The youngsters sought shelter in Sherwood Forest, where, thanks to the wise guidance of the hermit better known as "Friar Tuck," they managed to face the difficulties of a life in the wilderness as as well as they could; however, in the forest there lived a fearless group of young bandits, led by Little John. Their first encounter with Robin and his cousins was at first rather stormy, as the two groups fought for the destiny of a young, noble maiden named Marian who had fallen into the hands of the bandits during an ambush. Their bitterness, however, rapidly lead the way to friendship, and Robin and John later realized they were all victims of the same fate. The youngsters thus mutually decided to help one another. Baron Alwine was not merely enemy of the Huntingtons—in fact, a couple years earlier he had forced Little John and his gang to seek protection in the forest to avoid forced labour. He would later seek Marian Lancaster for the secret carved on a cross the girl wore as symbol of her family line. The girl was to be adopted by the shady Bishop Herfort—Alwine's accomplice—who sought to attain the Lancaster's wealth. With all their strength, Robin and his friends were then compelled to fight against the baron's troops, led by Gilbert—a dangerous and fearless knight. When Winifred and Marian were then imprisoned in the castle's dungeons, our heroes tried in every way possible to enter until their ardour was finally rewarded with success. Thanks to his noble heart and heed for danger, Robin became rapidly known as the protector of the poor and oppressed. Beloved and highly esteemed not only by the villagers, but also and especially by the sweet and beautiful Marian he was. The boy who never parted from his loyal, magical bow, endlessly engaged in dangerous and unthinkable missions.
Around 1800 years ago in China, the ruling power of the Han dynasty became weakened and the flames of war spread throughout the land.  Liu Bei was a young, poor straw-mat seller from the countryside of Hebai Hsing. After pledging eternal brotherhood with the two heroes, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei, Liu began building his idea of a righteous kingdom that would aid citizens who suffered from persecution.  (Source: AniDB)
In the remote and mysterious Moomin Valley live the Moomin trolls, gentle and peaceful creatures. Young Moomin and his family experience many strange adventures, both magical and mundane. Based on the children's stories by Tove Jansson. (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Every child deserves to have a fun and carefree childhood. Unfortunately, life is not always fair, as is the case with Mary Lennox. At a very young age, Mary loses her parents to a disease, leaving her traumatized and orphaned. From India, she is brought to England with her uncle who has taken on the role of her new guardian. Although she is sad to have lost her parents, Mary is happy and grateful to have someone to take care of her. She gets to eat everyday and live in a big mansion, things that she understands should not be taken for granted. However, her uncle is a very quiet person, hardly ever speaking to anyone. This solitude causes Mary to oftentimes get bored to tears, forcing her to relive horrible memories of her past. As she enjoys a stroll outside one day, she discovers a secret garden near her home. Along with her new friends, Dicon and Martha, as well as her disabled cousin, Collin, Mary embarks on a journey that is sure to brighten her dull life to the uttermost extreme!
Danpei Ichihgeki is the son of Daijurou Ichigeki, a great dodgeball player. As his father, Danpei gives all he has for this game and so it shows in every match. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...
Hikaru Kicker is a 13-year-old boy who loves football. He has grown up playing with a football at all times ever since his father's friend gave him one when he was still only a baby. Hikaru goes to Italy to learn the sport. He first joins a strong team at Genova, but soon quits this team to join an extremely weak team named "Columbus" with his female friend Anna. Experiencing many hardships and difficulties, their team gradually becomes stronger and stronger, and finally they defeat Margerita, one of the strongest soccer teams in Genova. Soon Hikaru hears that Genova will stage its first soccer tournament. Throughout the tournament, Hikaru and his teammates confront many rivals and develop increasing maturity. Can Hikaru score a goal and which team will win the championship? (Source: Nippon Animation)
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
An evil alien life form, Dryus, assaulted the Earth. The leader of Space Patrol, Fighbird, pursed Dryus to the Earth. Fighbird combined with an android that Dr. Amano was developing. Fighbird named Hidori Ryutaro and fight against Dryus to protect the peace of the Earth.  At first look, he was a normal person, but because he was an alien, Fibird, his acts were a bit away from the normal persons'. Usually, he worked for Dr. Amano as an assistant. He looked uncouth always wearing while coat and glasses. However, once enemy appears, his personality changed dramatically. (Source: AnimeNfo)
The show starts with the tale of Chitose Fujinomiya, a girl who goes from riches to rags and back and remains a snob despite it all. When her wealthy father dies, remaining debts leave Chitose almost broke, and she is kicked out of the affluent Tokai no Gakuen, or City Academy. She is left with nothing in the world but the clothes on her back and one pink goldfish named Gyopi-chan, the only memento she has of her father. Wandering lost, she collapses on the grounds of the poor-but-happy Inaka no Chugakko (Country Jr. High School), where the students are rough if friendly, and farm animals regularly roam the school grounds and even attend class. Recovering, she enters into the school but is repelled by its air of poverty, to which she is unaccustomed.  (Source: AnimeNfo)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Kinnikuman has proven himself worthy to be crowned the next king of Planet Kinniku. But at the ceremony, five other Kinnikuman's arrive, all claiming to be the true prince of Planet Kinniku. Now, a Royal Survivor Tournament is being held to decide the true successor to the throne, and with the help and support of his friends and with his recently acquired knowledge of the Ultimate Technique (The Muscle Spark), Kinnikuman fights for what is rightfully his.
This is a heart-warming story with three little ghost called There, Here and Where. They are not scary like usual ghosts but pretty and mischievous like human children. Of course they sometimes surprise people by disappearing or flying, but they are loved as children's friends. 
The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs. (Source: ANN)
After the events of the 1st series, Fenarinarsa continues to drift from Earth, so the King asks for help from the kingdom, Marinarsa, to send their daughter, Momo (Who is identical to the 1st one) to Earth to regain humanity's faith in their dreams. 
Oishinbo is a drama about newspaper reporters. The main character is a cynical food critic named Yamaoka. Oishinbo is a popular mainstream comic for adults in Japan. It is even mentioned in an episode of "Iron Chef." (Source: AniDB)
Suddenly, an evil empire, Jaaku, raids the Earth. But the light appears from the Earth, and fights against Jaaku. It is Raijin Oh operated by Eldran. Eldran has protected the earth since the ancient ages. But he was injured during the fight, and Raijin-Oh falls to the ground. On the other hand, Jaaku scatters their weapons, Aku-Darmer, all over the world. Meanwhile, in Youshou elementary school, they have extra lessons in the 3rd class of the 5th grade. Eldran leaves Raijin Medal to them and asks them to save the Earth for him, and then he disappeared. In this way, the Earth Defense Agency consisted of elementary students is founded. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Agedama is a small boy going to elementary school and having the usual problems for a boy of his age. He is also secretly a superhero-in-training (called "Agedaman"). Along with Wapuro, his floating computer companion, he fights against a criminal organization who can turn humans into monsters of various types.  (Source: AniDB)
An omnibus-format TV series consisting of anime adaptations of Japanese folk tales, this is one of Japan's longest-running TV series, and Group Tac's second TV series (the first was The Road to Munich, a documentary anime about the 1972 Olympics). The governing rule of the series was that the creative staff change from episode to episode. While later other anime series like Nippon Animation's Famous Works of Japanese Literature would attempt the same, none would be as long-lived or successful.  The rotation idea was that of director Sugii Gisaburo, a visual visionary unequaled in Japanese film history who has revolutionized anime several times in his career, be it in the 1967 TV series Goku's Big Adventure, in which he sought to shake anime free from the dominance of story development by yanking it back to a more cartoonish form, or The Belladonna of Sadness, where he broke the Disney full-animation mold, creating a full-length animated film in a completely new style that was a hybrid of still drawings and animation. The reason for rotating the staff each episode was so that each episode would have a completely different look and feel from its predecessor, and in this it was eminently successful. This is a series that is genuinely rewarding to watch, and is visually one of the richest in anime history.  While this system also meant that quality varied, there were also occasionally superb episodes, as on the staff were many veterans like Group Tac founder SUGII Gisaburo himself, SHIBAYAMA Tsutomu, FURUZAWA Hideo, RIN Taro, and HIKONE Norio. Old episodes started being repeated more and more frequently as the years went on, and production of new episodes finally ceased completely in late 1995, but the series is still widely broadcast.  (Source: Pelleas)
Magical Taruruto-kun is a magical boy, fighting, and comedy TV show based on the manga of the same name by Tatsuya Egawa which ran in Weekly Shounen Jump.
Outspoken Luise and shy Lotte meet at summer camp and realize they are identical twins who were separated at birth by their divorced parents. The girls become friends and decide to switch places with each other so that they can each learn about the parent they never knew, and perhaps bring together their broken family.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
In 2018 a young boy named 21 Emon dreams of becoming a space pilot and exploring space in general. He is the heir to a long line of hotel owners, which dates back to the founder of during the Tokugawa shogunate. Since the Earth has become a planet visited by tourists from all over the space, 21 Emon has to help out his family's business or they'll go bankrupt.
The story follows the daily life of a Akko-chan who is a new young wife.
There is a small village called Janken Town. The hero Jankenman protects the village and defeats his adversaries by playing games of rock-paper-scissors with them. Meanwhile, the villain Osodashi Mask always tries to deceive others. (Source: AniDB)
Matsugorou is a vile doctor who plots out a plan to take over the world by commanding his own robotic army. The only chance the world has is a group of three brothers that make up a team called the Emergency Departure Saver Kids. (Source: ANN)
Ultraman Kids go on a journey to search for the parents of a main character.
Holly the Ghost is about Holly (Chocola) who wants to be a "holly ghost". "Holly ghost" is a group of "monsters" who spread fear. Their leader is a witch called Majoline. Together with his 4 new friends (Candy, Toreppaa, etc) he learns to be a real "holly ghost".
An adaptation of the first series, with different characters and an alternate setting.
A public service proverb-of-the-week anime. Peter the salary man lives a very unhealthy lifestyle, starving then bingeing until he feels seek, or slobbing around the house until badgered into taking up exercise, during which he invariably pulls a muscle. (Source: ANN)
Based on the children's award winning manga by Kobayashi Yoshinori, serialized in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic.
The series stars an elementary school boy named Dameo Marude, who has little success with anything he tries, and a robot named Borot, which is good with housekeeping. (Source: Wiki)
As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB)
An NHK toddler's anime following a brother and sister pair in their every day life (with some eps revolving around their baby brother).
A fusion of animation and claymation to teach kids discipline and morality originally aired as a part of the early morning children's program Hirake! Ponkikki before the anime was combined and released on VHS. Based on the children's book series Ekubo-chan to Buba-chan.
3X3 Eyes is the story of a young man named Yakumo Fuuji, who through a strange series of events becomes the immortal slave of the last of a race of 3 Eyed demons. The demon absorbs his soul to save his life, making him immortal in the process. Now, he begins a journey with the female demon in an attempt to find a way of becoming human. Of course, there are many complications along the way, not the least of which being that the demon is a female with a split personality, one achingly cute and the other being no-nonsense destructive power, and the romances that develop between.
After a crushing rejection, the heartbroken Youta Moteuchi trudges home. On his way, a dimly lit video store catches his eye, and he ends up purchasing a "video girl" tape meant to ease the hearts of lonely men. However, when he tries to play it in his broken VCR, a beautiful girl leaps out of his TV and lands on his bed. Calling herself Ai Amano, she looks like a golden opportunity for Youta to finally experience true love—that is, until her personality, now troubling thanks to the broken VCR, shows through. Despite her flaws, however, Ai wholeheartedly promises she will ensure Youta finds happiness and true love in his life. Video Girl Ai follows the daily life of a teenage boy and his pursuit of a fulfilling romance. With the help of his virtual guardian angel, Youta sets forth to find the girl of his dreams. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Dragon Ball Z: Atsumare! Goku's World is a Terebikko's videogame. In this OVA, Goku and his friends pose questions for the viewers about the Dragon Ball series.
Hagiwara Mio is a 14-year-old TV actress who has gotten popular. One day on a set, she meets Kumagai Ichiya, who tells her that her acting "stinks." Mio is hurt by his comments, but she finds that she can't get Ichiya out of her mind. It turns out that Ichiya is a promising director, who directed a music video for Mio's friend Sawaki Aya, an idol singer. After the success of this music video, Ichiya is asked to direct a movie, and he wants Mio to be the heroine, because he feels that she is a "handsome" girl like the actresses of old. How will Mio cope with her feelings toward Ichiya? (Source: T.H.E.M. Anime Review, edited)
Life seems simple for Koichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as"defender of the Earth", Koichi/Babel teams up with a trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind. (Source: AnimeNfo)
The series follows the antics of tenth-grade student Eisaku Yazawa who wants to become a bousouzoku, a motorcycle gang member.
Pet shop owner's daughter Chika Tokorozawa spends every waking hour with her dog, Rin Tin Tin, who repays her love by watching over her while she sleeps. Based on the manga in Young Sunday magazine by Maki Otsubo, who is better known in the manga world for Mr. Cinema. (Source: Anime Vice)
Suffering from a crippling memory loss ever since an accident at the age of six, Toshiaki finds new hope, and a new mystery, when he is visited by a girl from his own future. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
High school girl Ruri is dragged into a battle over the fate of the Pulsean Moon when the princess Leila sends assassins to dispense with her. Ruri's lover, Toru, is wounded protecting her, and Ruri must leave the real world behind and journey to the Pulsean Moon to save him. Based on the manga in Omajinai Comic by Mito Orihara, who also wrote the theme song.  (Source: AnimeVice)
Based on the adult manga by Motomiya Hiroshi.
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the manga by Tsuchiya Garon (aka Marley Carib), art by Kawaguchi Kaiji, serialised in Action in the 80s. 
Taido Kaimon is the leader of the Kinshu Group ganster syndicate in Kansai region. His gang is a cluster of wisecracking madmen, eternally running into trouble with the law, each other, and the local girls who give as good as they get. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
The impulsive Yakuza Jouji was ordered by his boss to teach at a misfit-filled school. He now has to settle the score with a fated rival while falling head over heels for a colleague in the process. (Source: AniDB)
Schoolgirl Mitsuko tries to protect half-Chinese transfer student Yu-Lian from bullies. That night, she discovers Emily, an old American doll. Given to a Japanese child during an exchange in 1921, it was hidden from the "doll burnings" of the anti-Western war period and saved by a brave young girl (Mitsuko's grandmother). At the next day's show-and-tell, Mitsuko tells the story of Emily and encourages Yu-Lian. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
A two-part video series in which Dr. Teng (a researcher at the Time Institute) and his faithful kappa assistant Pasuke travel through time, first to the Battle of Sekigahara (1600) and then to the fourth Battle of Kawanakajima (1561). In the second installment, they then look in on the last stand of the Japanese underdog hero Yoshitsune in Hiraizu mi (1189) and then, after spending so much time on the Genpei War, suddenly leap several centuries into the future, to cover the first time Nobunaga Oda used firearms in battle, at Nagashino (1575) . A mixture of live-action and anime, described by Japanese sources as a "documentary with a touch of story," and presumably related in some way to Shotaro Ishinomori's multivolume manga history of Japan. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
An anime made in honor of the 60th Anniversary of Adachi's union to Tokyo City. It follows 2 kids and the anthropomorphic version of Adachi called Adacchii.
Ten-year-old Kyoshi watches as a tramp transforms himself into a rich imposter at a stand-up bar in the Tamanoi district. Amusing tales from prewar Tokyo based on the 1968 autobiographical manga Strange Tales of Terajima and written by Yu Takita for the alternative magazine Garo. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help.  (Source: ANN)
During class, Nobita questions the teacher where heaven is located when he was being taught about clouds. Being laughed at, Nobita looks for proof that a heavenly place exists on the clouds, but was explained by Doraemon that it cannot exist scientifically. Disappointed, he was eventually helped by Doraemon to create their own kingdom of clouds. Little did they know that there are creatures who have been living on clouds for a long time.  (Source: ANN) 
A theatrical anime movie of the original story of the epic Indian classical "Ramayana" and a joint production between Japan and India. Prince Rama, one of the four Princes of Ayodhya, will be expelled from the palace through a conspiracy. Rama is banished to the forest for 14 years. A girl named Sita and Lakshman, Rama's brother, go with him into the forest. Ravana, the King of Demons, falls in love with Sita and kidnaps her. In order to save his love, Rama goes to Lanka with the help of an army of monkeys and friends of the forest.  A feature film based on a story of true love, friendship, and trust, this anime is about 2 hours and 15 minutes long, with musical elements from Indian cinemas in between. 
The second Dragon Quest Dai no Daibouken movie. The story takes place between episode 18 and 19 of the TV series.
(No synopsis yet.)
An anime based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms novel.  (Source: ANN) 
(No synopsis yet.)
Anpanman's friends get the spotlight in this collection of three adventures. In the first, Baikinman kidnaps Anpanman and others and it's up to the toddler Aka-chanman to save them from Baikinman's dangerous amusement park, the Baikin-dome! The next story takes place in a wild west setting, where Baikinman and his Kabi Gang are hijacking train deliveries. SLman, a steam locomotive, and Currypanman agree to make an important food delivery, but can they overcome Baikinman's Gang? The third and last segment has Anpanman and his friends building handmade vehicles to go on a trip together, and as each new one joins the group, they sing their theme songs, creating an Anpanman song medley! (Source: Shiteater Fansubs)
The third movie of Magical Taruruuto-kun
The story takes place in Kanazawa and tells the story of Yasue, an old woman who suddenly became very ill, her whole body paralyzed. She is told by her doctor she only has two weeks to live...
Takatou Masaki is the second youngest of four sons, and seemingly a delinquent by nature. His hot temper has put a wedge between himself and his strict father, gotten him kicked out of one school, and tossed him at a school notoriously horrible for the one thing he's truly good at, basketball. A chance encounter with the willful Yuuki Kanako may serve as a catalyst for change, as the indefinable connection she feels with him draws them together...  (Source: Storm in Heaven)
(No synopsis yet.)
