Hanamichi Sakuragi, infamous for this temper, massive height, and fire-red hair, enrolls in Shohoku High, hoping to finally get a girlfriend and break his record of being rejected 50 consecutive times in middle school. His notoriety precedes him, however, leading to him being avoided by most students. Soon, after certain events, Hanamichi is left with two unwavering thoughts: "I hate basketball," and "I desperately need a girlfriend." One day, a girl named Haruko Akagi approaches him without any knowledge of his troublemaking and asks him if he likes basketball. Hanamichi immediately falls head over heels in love with her, blurting out a fervent affirmative. She then leads him to the gymnasium, where she asks him if he can do a slam dunk. In an attempt to impress Haruko, he makes the leap, but overshoots, instead slamming his head straight into the blackboard. When Haruko informs the basketball team's captain of Hanamichi's near-inhuman physical capabilities, he slowly finds himself drawn into the camaraderie and competition of the sport he had previously held resentment for. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Aoki Densetsu Shoot! (Legendary Blue Shot!) or also known as just "Shoot!", is the story of Toshihiko Tanaka, Kenji Shiraishi, and Kazuhiro Hiramatsu. Three high school freshmen who have become best friends during their junior high years while playing soccer together. There they were known as the Kakenishi golden trio for their role in making Kakenishi Junior High's soccer team into a force to be reckoned with. After junior high, all of them decided to go to the same high school, Kakegawa High, a school only founded a year before, because of their star soccer player, Yoshiharu Kubo, whom they had idolized. This young man led Kakegawa High Soccer Club to the best 8 of their prefecture in their first ever appearance with a freshmen only team almost single-handedly. He refuses offers from a number of foreign professional soccer clubs so he can stay at Kake-High to lead them to the All-Japan High School Championship. As the three of them start playing soccer for Kake-High, they experience hardships, romance, and losses on their road to becoming the best Japanese high school soccer team—a team of legends. (Source: AniDB)
The adventures of a young kitten named Kitty with her twin sister Mimi. It's a variety of adventures, including Kitty in some fairy tales as well.
Uiba Shikatani, the daughter of a pet shop owner, is heartbroken after some reptile eggs fail to hatch. In his attempts to cheer her up, her father brings home a large, striped egg, which he hopes will successfully hatch (unexpectedly into a green dinosaur whom they call "Muka-Muka," which are the only words which the baby reptile can speak).  Muka-Muka soon becomes the talk of the town and comes into the interest of the town's professor and his wacky inventions, including a time machine which successfully teleports the Shikatani's among other families and their homes to pre-historic times where they encounter several other dinosaurs and enchanted beings on their adventures. (Source: ANN)
Ta-chan is the king of jungle. He was abandoned in savanna, and has been raised by a chimpanzee, Etekichi. He has a dearest wife, Jane who used to be a top model in New York, but now she looks... Anyway, to protect animals from poachers, Ta-chan is fighting against them with his disciple, Pedro, and a master of Chinese martial arts, Ryo. This anime is based on the manga with the same title; it begins as a comical parody of Tarzan. The first several episodes are comedies, but the rest of the series consists of (rather) serious episodes. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Bow is a homeless dog, who enjoys his carefree life. This dog is no super-hero. He drools when he's hungry, he wags his tail when he's happy, and he barks when he's excited, just like an ordinary dog but even uglier and stupider! His dumb innocence often leads to disaster. But somehow people are charmed by him. School children, a lonesome cartoonist, and a gangster family all play an important role in Bow's life. (Source: ANN)
Kenneth Grahame's enchanting novel The Wind in the Willows (1908) is the basis for a series about the happy little world of the animals who live along the riverbank. Toad's boastful nature and the evil ferrets and weasels who live in the Wild Wood threaten everyone's quiet lives until the brave Ratty, Mole, Badger, and Toad band together to ensure that they can all live happily ever after. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
One fateful day, Yuusuke Urameshi, a 14-year-old delinquent with a dim future, gets a miraculous chance to turn it all around when he throws himself in front of a moving car to save a young boy. His ultimate sacrifice is so out of character that the authorities of the spirit realm are not yet prepared to let him pass on. Koenma, heir to the throne of the spirit realm, offers Yuusuke an opportunity to regain his life through completion of a series of tasks. With the guidance of the death god Botan, he is to thwart evil presences on Earth as a Spirit Detective. To help him on his venture, Yuusuke enlists ex-rival Kazuma Kuwabara, and two demons, Hiei and Kurama, who have criminal pasts. Together, they train and battle against enemies who would threaten humanity's very existence. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Usagi Tsukino and her friends have been living peacefully until they are called into action again as Sailor Guardians, planetary warriors fighting for the peace of the galaxy. Usagi, also known as Sailor Moon, leads their group into battle when a new threat from beyond the stars presents itself: two survivors of an alien race, An and Ail. In order to save the source of their life force, the Makai Tree, An and Ail begin harvesting energy from unsuspecting humans. The Sailor Guardians must stop their plot or face the annihilation of Earth. But as one threat subsides, another follows—this time in the form of a little girl from the future who seeks the source of Sailor Moon's power to save her family. However, she is not the only one vying for it, as a group known as the Black Moon Clan also wishes to obtain the power and use it for nefarious purposes. In order to protect their destinies and the harmony of the universe, Sailor Moon and the rest of the Sailor Guardians must fight to stop these forces from succeeding. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It is Universal Century 0153. On the space colonies located at Side 2, the Zanscare Empire has come to power and it holds onto that power through liberal use of the guillotine. With its forces invading the Earth and its space fleets preparing to subjugate the other Sides, the Zanscare Empire has nothing to fear from the weakening Earth Federation. It is opposed only by the League Militaire, whose state of the art mobile suits and young pilots comprise the only real resistance movement. Now, thirteen-year-old Uso Evin has been dragged into the war by a battle near his home in Eastern Europe. As the Newtype pilot of the Victory Gundam, he fights not only to defeat the Zanscare Empire but also to find out what has become of his parents, who left him behind when they went into space.  (Source: ANN)
Reiko Mikami runs a business known as GS (Ghost Sweeper) Mikami, where she exorcises any evil that is bothering people. Her assistant, Tadao, only works for Reiko to see her nude one day. Too bad he isn't getting paid much for his job anyway. Later, Reiko and Tadao meet a spirit named Oniku who comes to help them in solving the mysteries of the supernatural.  (Source: AnimeNfo)
Kurogane Yaiba is a boy who doesn't want to become what any regular kid would: A samurai. That's why he undergoes a hard training with his father, knowing only the forest as his world. Then, one day, he is sent to Japan, where he has to deal with a whole new civilized reality, meeting the Mine family, the evil Onimaru and even the legendary Musashi, having lots of dangerous adventures, becoming stronger everyday. (Source: ANN, edited) 
Erika, the princess of the Magic Kingdom has come to Earth in order to find a human girl who looks just like her. That girl turns out to be Himeko Nonohara, a tomboy's tomboy. Erika must give Himeko a magical item she has created in order to prove her worth as a successor to the crown. Himeko must test this item, a hair ribbon that allows her to transform into any other person she sees, to see if it is worthy. The series follows Himeko's adventures and her budding romance with Daichi, the boy who discovers her secret. (Source: ANN)
Nan Harding is the new student at Mr. and Mrs. Bhaer's school. Everyone thinks that she is a pain in the head, but not Mrs. Jo. Together with the other kids, they all embark on their personal adventures and misfortunes while learning in school.  (Source: ANN)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Mikage and Tomomi Matsunaga are Miracle Girls: they have a telepathic link with each other and can teleport when they link their little fingers. Tomomi is a sports star and has a boyfriend called Noda. Mikage is the smartest student in the school and is in love with her sempai. He moved to London to study but they still kept in touch, that is until a selfish princess called Marie decides that he should come with her back to Diammas. Back in Japan the twins are having various problems of their own. But they soon realise that there is a link between Marie, an ancient legend, and a girl they know called Emma. (Source: ANN)
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
Nouvelle Tokio City locates on the place where it used to be Tokyo Bay. At the first glance, the prosperous city seems to enjoy its freedom and peace, but the city is suffering from the crimes. Senpuuji Maito is a perfect 15-year-old boy, bright, handsome, smart, and all-around sportsman. Furthermore, he is the leader of Senpuuji Trading group, and a multimillionaire. He spends his private fortune to found "Brave Express Squad"? which consists of several robots. They are the robots that have various special abilities. Above all, the leader, Gaine, has a super artificial intelligence and has own personality. They can transform into trains. In case of incidents, they will appear anywhere in the world using the highly developed railway system.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs. (Source: ANN)
Tsuyoshi Ikawa lives at home with his popular and beautiful sisters. Despite their qualities, his sisters and his mother are horrible at household chores, including cooking, so all these duties are taken over by Tsuyoshi while his father is away due to being temporarily transferred to another city for work.
The story of Mr. Araiwa and his family. He is a model employee in a large enterprise, but becomes a completely different character at home. He is very keen on cooking and lets pass no occasion to cook delicious dishes for his wife, who is frequently occupied by her work as a journalist, or his young son. (Source: AniDB)
Tokio and his father Amon go to the soccer country of Elevenia where they see a parade of the strongest soccer team of that country, the Winners. Amon challenges the team captain Leon to a soccer battle and, when Amon loses, Leon turns him into a miniature dragon. Tokio sees the fight and decides to challenge against Leon so that Amon can become human again. (Source: AnimeNFo)
An omnibus-format TV series consisting of anime adaptations of Japanese folk tales, this is one of Japan's longest-running TV series, and Group Tac's second TV series (the first was The Road to Munich, a documentary anime about the 1972 Olympics). The governing rule of the series was that the creative staff change from episode to episode. While later other anime series like Nippon Animation's Famous Works of Japanese Literature would attempt the same, none would be as long-lived or successful.  The rotation idea was that of director Sugii Gisaburo, a visual visionary unequaled in Japanese film history who has revolutionized anime several times in his career, be it in the 1967 TV series Goku's Big Adventure, in which he sought to shake anime free from the dominance of story development by yanking it back to a more cartoonish form, or The Belladonna of Sadness, where he broke the Disney full-animation mold, creating a full-length animated film in a completely new style that was a hybrid of still drawings and animation. The reason for rotating the staff each episode was so that each episode would have a completely different look and feel from its predecessor, and in this it was eminently successful. This is a series that is genuinely rewarding to watch, and is visually one of the richest in anime history.  While this system also meant that quality varied, there were also occasionally superb episodes, as on the staff were many veterans like Group Tac founder SUGII Gisaburo himself, SHIBAYAMA Tsutomu, FURUZAWA Hideo, RIN Taro, and HIKONE Norio. Old episodes started being repeated more and more frequently as the years went on, and production of new episodes finally ceased completely in late 1995, but the series is still widely broadcast.  (Source: Pelleas)
The Iron League: a place where teams of robots, under individual "owners", play various sports and duke it out in tournaments. Mach Windy is a member of Dark Prince, a team that doesn't play fair and fights dirty to win. Unsatisfied with the actions of his teammates, he defects against the will of Dark Prince's nefarious owner and joins Silver Prince: the weakest team in the league. Alongside faithful companions such as Magnum Ace and Bull Armor, Mach Windy and Silver Prince will battle against Dark Prince in games of soccer and baseball, and aim for the top! (Source: Animeplanet)
The Kikaika (literally mechanization) Empire invades our solar system, and in a matter of moments they take over and convert Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter,and Mars, and set their sights on Earth. However, one thing stands in their way. Earth's ancient protector and soldier of light, Eldoran. To fight this menace he gifts a 5th-grade class with 3 huge robotic dinosaurs, with the power to merge and form the giant robot Gosaurer, which they then can pilot and use to stop the Kikaika Empire's advances. (Source: ANN)
Rocky Rackat (Pokonyan) is a funny little creature that's a bit of a cross between a cat and a raccoon. There are rumors that he may be a lunar cat, however this is not a documented fact, he may be a bit looney at times, yet his origin remains a mystery. Rocky is quite innocent and unaware of the value of his special powers. He has the ability to turn children's fantasies into realities. The sky is the limit in the adventures he can create! Our story begins when Amy (Miki), a spirited young girl, joins her family on a camping trip. To her surprise, Amy discovers Rocky in her backpack among her camping gear. Rocky thinks Amy is his sister and he follows her everywhere. Amy is active and curious, yet she has a tendency to become frustrated and fed-up with the world around her. With Rocky's arrival, Amy's world changes drastically. Rocky uses his powers to turn Amy's dreams into real life adventures. Although Rocky's efforts are well intended, his efforts are not always successful. Occasionally these adventures "short-circuit" and become near disasters! Through "thick and thin" Rocky and Amy become quite a pair and develop a long lasting friendship, experiencing a wide assortment of fun-filled escapades. [Source: Enoki Films USA]
Kobo Tabata lives in a typical Japanese family. His father is a normal salary-man, his mother's a typical housewife, his grandparents (from his mother's side) help to take care of the family and it's pets, and his uncle's a slightly obese high school teacher. Still, they manage to find odd situations that sometimes arise due to Kobo's growing up process or simply because of their own habits and misunderstandings. (Source: ANN)
First show in the Virtual Trilogy, a mix of anime and live action shots. The story is about the TV Warriors who enter a virtual simulation of the past and encounter Dinosaur-humanity.
A public service proverb-of-the-week anime. Peter the salary man lives a very unhealthy lifestyle, starving then bingeing until he feels seek, or slobbing around the house until badgered into taking up exercise, during which he invariably pulls a muscle. (Source: ANN)
Nontan is the protagonist of a Japanese series of children's picture books by the same name written by Sachiko Kiyono. In the series, Nontan is a mischievous kitten who likes to play and learns about the world around him. Other characters include Pig, Rabbit triplet, Raccoon, Bear, Bee, and Nontan's little sister Taatan. (Source: Wikipedia)
As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB)
An NHK toddler's anime following a brother and sister pair in their every day life (with some eps revolving around their baby brother).
Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.
When college student Keiichi Morisato dials the wrong number while ordering for some food at his dormitory, he accidentally gets connected to the Goddess Hotline and a beautiful goddess named Belldandy appears out of a mirror in front of him. After getting kicked out of the dorm, Keiichi and Belldandy move to an old shrine and soon afterwards, Belldandy's sisters Urd and Skuld move in. 
Kuroo Hazama, also known as "Black Jack," is a legend in the medical world. Famous for being one of the best, as well as not having a license, Hazama and his assistant Pinoko save countless lives that other doctors cannot... for a price; an exorbitant price, in fact, which causes many to view the genius as greedy and heartless. Despite these claims, however, none can deny his skill and the lengths that he will go to treat his patients. This dark medical drama tells the story of the ominous and mysterious world of underground medicine as Black Jack risks his life to cure some of the most bizarre diseases imaginable, even if it means breaking every law in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ranma Saotome continues his search for a way to become a normal teenage boy again. He gets into many hilarious situations involving the many girls in his life. One of the biggest challenges is overcoming the proposals from others who have found a suitable bride for Ranma. But he has his own worries and must muster up the best of his wits and martial arts to keep his sanity. It's not easy being desired by so many women (and men) and not breaking hearts of a few along the way. He just might be able to find it in his heart to confess to Akane or simply find another excuse that he can't marry such a tomboy girl.  (Source: ANN)
Alice Sakaguchi once dreamt that she is another person living on the moon. The dream is so strange and so real that Alice can't stop thinking about it. She finds out that some of her classmates are having the same kind of dream. They soon discover that they had been seeing flashes of their past lives as a team of scientists on the moon. Alice and her friends then decide to find the other members and piece together what took place back then. Complications arise when they realize that everything that happened in their previous existence continue to haunt and affect their present lives.  (Source: ANN)
1. Slipstream About a Luftwaffe pilot who must choose between his duty to his country: to guard a bomber loaded with Germany's final hope of victory... the world's first atomic bomb... or his duty to the world: to let it fall in flames to enemy Spitfires and be a footnote in history. Of course, things are complicated by the plane's other cargo... the woman he loves.  2. Sonic Boom Squadron Near the end of the war, Japan has implemented a new weapon -- a human-piloted rocket-propelled flying bomb. Aboard a bomber carrying one of these, young Ensign Nogami awaits his chance to die as a "cherry blossom", a suicide pilot. In a few hours, he will die. The date of his death is set: August 6, 1945. 3. Knight of the Iron Dragon Two soldiers attempt to reach an air base in order to fulfill a promise despite the fact that it might have been rendered moot in the reality of war. (Source: ANN)
In the follow up to Shirow's classic anime, Al, Leona and their trusty steed, Bonaparte, continue to fight crime in New Port City, alongside the rest of the Tank Police. But a new threat appears in the form of a series of terrorist attacks, using the latest weapons technology. The Tank Police are out-numbered and out-gunned, but Al and Leona set out to discover who or what is behind these attacks. With massive explosions and high-speed chases, Leona often causes more damage than the criminals she pursues. (Source: ANN)
After events involving a home invasion, a house cat, an ancient artifact, and an unpaid electrical bill, martial artist Ryo Sakazaki and his best friend Robert Garcia must fight their way into the Southtown underworld to save Ryo's sister Yuri from the crimelord known as Mr. Big.
Years of political tension and mistrust between the two rival nations of Zafran and Revillia escalate to the point of war. Each nations solution: to gain possession of Decimators, the same ancient robots of war that nearly ended all life on the planet 200 years before. As the war ensues and the leaders of both nations become reluctant to surrender, only the desperate plan of Lean, a young cadet, and Nataruma, a psychically gifted young woman, to alter the timeline of events 200 years before stands the chance between humanity's survival or absolute destruction. (Source: ANN)
Ushio encounters a strange purple monster that seems to be helpful, Tora deals with a kitten, and finally there is a mass chase, reprising all of the monsters from the OVA series.
Directly following the conclusion of Urotsukidoji III, the survivors of the Azuma kingdom genocide travel aboard a futuristic tank with Osaka as the destination. There, they plan to face both the Overfiend and their own fates as well. Along they way, the stumble upon a civilization beyond imagination, where children cruely rule over the adults. It is up to Amano Jyaku to save his friends from this sinister land and its evil ruler, Ellis. Shortly after their encounter, Sui Kaka Ju's sister Yoenhime summons Munhihausen, who transforms her into the menacing Yoenki. At last, she is strong enough to reap revenge on Amano for killing her brother. But Munhihausen has his own hidden agendas. The Urotsukidoji legend will finally reach its climax in Osaka, when Kiojo, the sweet and innocent Himi, and the Chojin meet face to face. 
Mai's a super counselor with blazing sex appeal who specializes in solving supernatural and/or ecchi problems. Even when of the supernatural nature Mai always seems to end up naked when on a case.
Second part of The Hakkenden.
Akihiro is a teenaged boy with fantasies. He's about to have date with his girlfriend Miyuki when he finds a strange carpet on his way home. Home, a pretty and over-energetic girl named Malon appears from the carpet. She tells Akihiro about the world of Phantasia and wants to live with Akihiro. But even if Akihiro loves pretty girls, he becomes angry with Malon's magical powers and drives her away. The maniac wizard, Roll, who wants to kill Malon, doesn't help at all. (Source: ANN)
Konpeki no Kantai is a Japanese alternate-history original video animation series produced by JC Staff. Based on a 1992 novel by Yoshio Aramaki, the series focuses on a technologically advanced Imperial Japanese Navy and a radically different Pacific War that was brought about by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto's revival in the past due to unexplained circumstances. The series also features real-life 1940s figures whose first names were changed, such as Winston Churchill to Kingston Churchill and Adolf Hitler to Heinrich von Hitler. (Source: Wikipedia)
A laugh-out-loud hilarious adventure from the studio behind Gatchaman and Speed Racer! Who has what it takes to be the baddest of the bad? It's evil versus evil as teams of bad guys compete to be the meanest villains ever! Watch and laugh as the Dorombo Gang and their Kitchen Robot take on the worst of the worst in a wacky race to be the greatest villains in anime history! The only force that stands in their way are the superheroes of anime. Will the Gatchaman ninja arrive in time to save the day? (Source: AniDB) 
Shinjuku, 1983. A member of the Kaeda Yakuza gang, Akutsu Jouji, has lost in a brawl with a university cheering squad, and begs for forgiveness through bitter tears. Since then, nothing has gone well in Jouji's life, until 10 years later in 1993, his friend was ordered to kill him, and as he ran away he killed himself, ending his miserable life. But when Jouji opened his eyes, he was in Shinjuku in 1983, at the fight with the university students that caused things to go wrong. Now with ten more years of memories and experience, Jouji repels the university students with spirit and wisdom. Now he swears to wear a gold emblem around town, and begins his life anew. (Source: Hokuto no Gun)
Fortune Quest is the tale of a bunch of adventurers. Imagine your classic D&D party—Fighter, Thief, Bard, Mage, Healer ...and Porter? Okay, don't know where the Porter comes from, but Pastel and her group of adventurers are broke and need a job. They can't afford to buy any of the adventure modules from the module seller, so they have to take part-time jobs to pay off their debts. And an innocent job to fetch holy water leads to world-threatening danger ...and a white dragon. (Source: AnimeNfo.com)
In 2058, the menace of the Youma (demons) returns under the evil leadership of the Master. A new generation of Borgman, under the leadership of Chuck Sweager, is mankind's only hope of stopping the plague of evil before it consumes all of Megalocity. But Ken, an unwilling recruit to the Borgman, may have more in common with the enemy than with humankind... (Source: Orphan Fansubs)
The story is about a 9-year-old boy named Wataru Ikusabe who is magically transported to a magical realm of the gods called Sokaizan which he is supposed to save. He also befriends many of the Soukaizan natives, and forms some very strong friendship bonds.  (Source: Wikipedia) 
Adaption of Lewis Caroll's Alice in Wonderland with the famous cat as the heroine. 
There is a new student at Oobu High School. His name is Yakuda Daigo. With his buff body and a tough looking face that can make every one run, soon rumors spread about him. Some says he's a gang leader, others say he is involved with Yakuza business, still more say he rapes, steals and likes beating people. There are only a handful of people who know who Yakuda really is, including Manami-a. She is a girl Yakuda fell in love with. Yakuda loves to cook and he likes cute things. He also enjoys gardening, crafting and adores pets. He is a very caring person. He always carries around a cute sewing kit and a cute first-aid kit around. However, with many unfortunate events, he often gets involved with a gang fight or a criminal, along with other coincidental things that happens around him. People always assume the worse for him. Will everyone find out who he really is?
Pekkle re-creates the Adventures of Sinbad.
A mysterious black creature is stealing dreams and causing Mimmy and Kitty to be sleep deprived. It's up to Kitty to catch the thief.
It's all gags and fighting as gangster Tsunematsu Narita (the "biggest idiot in Yokohama") causes havoc in the neighborhood with his two henchmen.  Based on the Shonen Champion manga by Tetsu Kusumoto.  (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia) 
It's dancing time for Kiki and Lala.
On a rainy day Keroppi and friends find their elders' old secret club house. But the house ends up being more magical than they thought. 
In this episode, Kiki and Lala are learning about stars and constellations, and even meeting the Queen of Stars herself.
It's the day before Pochacco's birthday and he's skateboarding around looking for his friends. He hopes to have a grand party with them the next day, but they all seem busy! 
Pochacco and friends open up a carrot land together. One day, they find that all carrots are stolen by someone. Because of this event, they start to suspect each other. Who is the thief? 
Santa-san has caught a cold after falling into a lake. It's up to Kitty and her friends to make sure Christmas happens on time.
Yasuji Mori's posthumous work released on the 4th volume of the "Anime Art Video Collection" by Nippon Columbia. It follows the original Brothers Grimm fable of The Wolf and the Seven Young Goats.
(No synopsis yet.)
Hello Kitty themed Japanese fables.
Gakken's Brain Development Video is a series of educational OVAs teaching various things to pre-school and kindergarten aged children. They include items like "Nakayoku Dekiru yo" which teaches playing nice together or "Wakuwaku ABC" which teaches the English alphabet. 18 VHS tapes were created but only 17 were animated, "Wakuwaku Eigo Game" was the live-action one with real Western child actors.
The author of the manga Secrets of the World was only 12 years old, and she died days after completing it. Aika Tsubota's parents published her environmentally themed story in her memory, and this one-shot anime was the eventual result, sponsored in part by a charity opposing the pollution of the oceans. In 1995, Secrets of the World itself was animated as a two-part video series under the auspices of the Japanese Department of the Environment. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
When Mamoru was little he gave a rose to a little boy named Fiore. Fiore promised that one day he would bring Mamoru lots of flowers. Now Fiore has come back to earth but his intentions are not merely to fulfil a promise...  (Source: ANN)
Based on a series of sci-fi novels, this series tells the story of a massive conflict between the Prussia-like Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance. It describes all levels of the war, from the tactical to the strategic, but focuses most on the two opposing militaries' leaders: Reinhard Von Lohengramm and Yang Wen-Li. (Source: AniDB)
Obata Yousuke lives on Pagopago in the Fiji archipelago with his father Tetsuo, a specialist in oceanographic biology. After a storm strikes the island, Yousuke rides to the lagoon with his Jet Ski and finds a strange baby dinosaur there. He takes it to his father's laboratory and names it Coo. Coo grows and seems to be a large marine reptile (a baby plesiosaur) which lived there some 65 million years ago. But Coo soon becomes an object of interest for the French secret service, assigned to protect the nuclear interests of France in that otherwise peaceful part of the world.  (Source: AniDB)
The future is bleak and urbanized. A government super-power holds the keys to all the doors. Hope lies in a secret organization who kidnaps "gifted" children and teaches them to wield their ability to view the life energy of all living things. A young girl befriends a sempai, a street rat comes to rescue her, and two parents wait helplessly to see their daughter one last time... (Source: AniDB)
The Oishinbo gang takes time off from the normal culinary wars to get involved with a political dispute about American rice imports. The economic conflict between a pushy US Senator from California and a nationalistic Japanese politician is further complicated by concerns about the cumulative effect of pesticide use in both American and Japanese agriculture.
The first theatrical Bonobono movie.
A class of Japanese youths volunteer for the war effort during WWII, but then get stranded in Manchuria.
Tsuyoshi Shikkari Shinasai movie.
Usagi and Chibiusa overhear two girls talking about the Sailor Senshi after they see a poster. Humorously, as the girls discuss which is the smartest, most elegant, strongest, and the leader of the Senshi, Usagi claims those titles for herself. Chibiusa shakes her head at Usagi's delusion. Clips are shown from the debut of each Sailor Senshi, and that girl's image song is played in the background. When even Tuxedo Mask is mentioned, and the girls go to leave without having mentioned Sailor Moon, Usagi butts in on their conversation and asks them directly about Sailor Moon. The girls give a series of glowing compliments about Sailor Moon, but unlike they did for the other Senshi, they also list her faults. After the girls leave, Usagi sarcastically apologises for being a clumsy cry-baby and then bursts into tears. (Source: Wikipedia)
In this film, which is believed to take place some time around the 25th World Martial Arts Tournament, Gohan and Goten are having a hot bath outside in the middle of winter. Goku (who is still dead) suddenly appears in front of his sons with the help of his Instant Transmission, and joins them in the tub. While there, the three Saiyans reflect back on the events that occurred during the Cell Games. Inside the house after Chi-Chi appeared, Goku tells his sons about Pikkon and the Other World Tournament. Later, the four members of the Son family appear dressed nicely. Gohan says that the adult division of the Tournament will begin this next year (in 1994), and the special comes to an end. (Source: Dragon Ball Wikia)
