In the near future, the sports world is dominated by Neo Wrestling, a new spectacle in which Metal Fighters challenge each other to be named champion.  The story follows the girls of the Pretty Four; Miku, Ginko, Sayaka, and Nana, as they face off against the current champions, Team Sapphire. With a burnt out drunk named Eiichi Suo for a coach the girls must not only contend with problems in the arena but also unforseen circumstances that arise in day to day life. Only through protecting their friends, understanding their enemies, and eventually challenging their idol Aquamarine, can Miku and the girls understand Eiichi's purpose and the shady secrets behind Neo Wrestling. (Source: ANN)
Based on the short story "Ghost Toilet" from Toru Tsunemitsu's urban myth collection "School Ghost Stories." This was adapted into the children's book "Hanako in the Toilet: Scary Stories of Your School" (1993). Several artists then adapted this into the "Here Comes Hanako" manga; most of them also wrote the anime version, which was aired as a segment of the TV series "Ponkikki Kids." Episodes, introduced by Hanako, included "The Haunted Cinema" and "The Cursed Promise Ring." 
Based on Mark Twain's famous book about the adventures of young orphan Huckleberry Finn.
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
One fateful day, Yuusuke Urameshi, a 14-year-old delinquent with a dim future, gets a miraculous chance to turn it all around when he throws himself in front of a moving car to save a young boy. His ultimate sacrifice is so out of character that the authorities of the spirit realm are not yet prepared to let him pass on. Koenma, heir to the throne of the spirit realm, offers Yuusuke an opportunity to regain his life through completion of a series of tasks. With the guidance of the death god Botan, he is to thwart evil presences on Earth as a Spirit Detective. To help him on his venture, Yuusuke enlists ex-rival Kazuma Kuwabara, and two demons, Hiei and Kurama, who have criminal pasts. Together, they train and battle against enemies who would threaten humanity's very existence. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hanamichi Sakuragi, infamous for this temper, massive height, and fire-red hair, enrolls in Shohoku High, hoping to finally get a girlfriend and break his record of being rejected 50 consecutive times in middle school. His notoriety precedes him, however, leading to him being avoided by most students. Soon, after certain events, Hanamichi is left with two unwavering thoughts: "I hate basketball," and "I desperately need a girlfriend." One day, a girl named Haruko Akagi approaches him without any knowledge of his troublemaking and asks him if he likes basketball. Hanamichi immediately falls head over heels in love with her, blurting out a fervent affirmative. She then leads him to the gymnasium, where she asks him if he can do a slam dunk. In an attempt to impress Haruko, he makes the leap, but overshoots, instead slamming his head straight into the blackboard. When Haruko informs the basketball team's captain of Hanamichi's near-inhuman physical capabilities, he slowly finds himself drawn into the camaraderie and competition of the sport he had previously held resentment for. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Sailor Guardians and their leader, Sailor Moon, continue their duty of protecting Earth from any who would dare cause it harm. However, Sailor Mars' apocalyptic visions and the appearance of two new guardians—Sailor Neptune and Sailor Uranus—signal that a new battle will soon begin.  These newcomers seek three Talismans that are inside the Pure Heart Crystals within human beings. Once brought together, these objects form The Holy Grail, a magical relic with extraordinary abilities. They want to use the Grail to save the world, but an evil organization known as the Death Busters seeks its power for their own desires. The removal of a Talisman from a person's Heart Crystal will cause their death, something that Uranus and Neptune see as a necessary sacrifice to form the Grail, while Sailor Moon and her group deem it unforgivable. But can any sacrifice be worth the cost if it saves the lives of the entire human race? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the Year FC 60, much of mankind inhabits space colonies which orbit the Earth. Dominance over the colonies is decided once every four years by a large tournament in which each nation sends a single representative to fight the others with a giant robot called a Gundam. Domon Kashuu is selected to represent Neo-Japan in one of these tournaments, but he fights less to ensure his nation's victory than to find his brother, who has been blamed for the deaths of Domon's parents and the disappearance of a very dangerous weapon, the Devil Gundam.  (Source: ANN) 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Miki Koishikawa is a high school student who enjoys a very simple life. However, her ordinary life is about to be turned upside down, and she may not be able to handle everything that is coming her way. After a very "fun" holiday in Hawaii, her parents have decided to get a divorce. As if this wasn’t enough of a shock for the poor girl, she also discovers that they will soon be re-marrying and swapping partners with another couple who they met on holiday. In order to include Miki in this shocking turn of events, they ask her to give the new couple a chance, and set up a dinner date with everyone. Miki may have tried to be emotionally prepared for her new parents, but what she was not expecting was their handsome son Matsuura Yuu. Miki develops an instant crush for Yuu. What starts off as a lovely friendship between them soon develops into romantic feelings which they are both finding hard to control. But more trouble is ahead in their relationship, as both Miki and Yuu have admirers of their own who are trying very hard to keep them separated.
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Akazukin Chacha is the story of a young magical girl (Mahō Shōjo) named Chacha. Living with her guardian in a cottage on Mochi-mochi mountain is Seravi, who is her teacher and also the fictional world's greatest magician. Chacha is clumsy in casting her spells because, throughout the anime, when she summons something, it often turns out to be something that she didn't mean to cast, for example, spiders (kumo) instead of a cloud (also kumo). At times in the anime when she and her friends are in trouble, however, her spells do work. Living on the same mountain is a boy gifted with enormous strength named Riiya. It is described that Riiya came from a family of werewolves who can instantly change into a wolf whenever they want. Quite far from Mochi-mochi mountain lies Urizuri mountain. Dorothy, also a well known magician in her land, lives in a castle on Urizuri mountain. Living with her is Shiine, her student. Shiine is adept when it comes to casting spells. He is a young wizard and most of his knowledge about magic was taught to him by Dorothy. The first 2 seasons were originally created by the anime team. Most of the stories in season 3 are based on the manga. (Source: Wikipedia)
Aoki Densetsu Shoot! (Legendary Blue Shot!) or also known as just "Shoot!", is the story of Toshihiko Tanaka, Kenji Shiraishi, and Kazuhiro Hiramatsu. Three high school freshmen who have become best friends during their junior high years while playing soccer together. There they were known as the Kakenishi golden trio for their role in making Kakenishi Junior High's soccer team into a force to be reckoned with. After junior high, all of them decided to go to the same high school, Kakegawa High, a school only founded a year before, because of their star soccer player, Yoshiharu Kubo, whom they had idolized. This young man led Kakegawa High Soccer Club to the best 8 of their prefecture in their first ever appearance with a freshmen only team almost single-handedly. He refuses offers from a number of foreign professional soccer clubs so he can stay at Kake-High to lead them to the All-Japan High School Championship. As the three of them start playing soccer for Kake-High, they experience hardships, romance, and losses on their road to becoming the best Japanese high school soccer team—a team of legends. (Source: AniDB)
Rai is a space opera that fuses feudal Chinese and Japanese customs with vast galaxy spanning empires and space-going societies. The story follows the life and times of the samurai Rai, and the quest of several spacefaring factions for control of territory and, of course, the Empire.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Nanami Simpson is a young girl. Her mother dies when she is young, and she goes to live with her father, Scott Simpson, on board a marine research vessel, the Peperonchino. Her father is a marine biologist, and he is in search of a creature known as the glowing whale. When he finds the bones of one of these, he is saddened, and resolves to change his mission toward preserving and caring for the creatures. Nanami befriends an Orca which she names Tico, and she goes swimming with it every day. Eventually, she learns to breathe underwater which astounds her father. Nanami nearly drowns one day, and one of the glowing whales saves her from certain death and returns her to the vessel, where her father finally gets to see it. (Source: ANN)
Adeu the Sonic, brash young pilot of the Ryu Knight Zephyr, is joined in his travels by Princess Paffy, Priest Izumi and Ninja Sarutobi. They encounter various people of the land, including other Ryus. On the way, Adeu seeks to test his Ryu against others and thereby grow in his abilities. (Source: ANN)
Snow White was a very happy princess, until the day her stepmother, the Queen Christelle, finally reveals her personality and wants to kill the girl. Snow White flees from the castle and got lost in the woods, where she meets seven dwarfs.
In the future, the "Metal Fight" games are the most popular televised sport in the world and many robot contestants compete for the title of Best Metal Fighter in the World. Kurenai Ken, along with teammate Saeba Shoko (who was, at first, adamant), pilots the Super Robot Fighter, Red Baron and enters the contest with dreams of becoming its champion. He must, however, face an army of other rivals from around the world including Kaizer (who is, in fact, Shoko's supposedly "lost" father, Tetsuo Saeba), the Tetsumen Tou ("Iron Fist" - a reference to the original Red Baron TV series) doctors, Tiger and ShinRon. (Source: Wikipedia)
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
Grade schooler Yuuta Tominaga stumbles upon Deckerd, a humanoid robot under construction by the Japanese police, built to fight advanced forms of crime. Yuuta's constant contact with Deckerd gives the robot a "heart," or personality; when Yuuta is recruited as the "boss" of the "Brave Police" as a result, a true human/robot partnership occurs. (Source: Wikipedia)
Uiba Shikatani, the daughter of a pet shop owner, is heartbroken after some reptile eggs fail to hatch. In his attempts to cheer her up, her father brings home a large, striped egg, which he hopes will successfully hatch (unexpectedly into a green dinosaur whom they call "Muka-Muka," which are the only words which the baby reptile can speak).  Muka-Muka soon becomes the talk of the town and comes into the interest of the town's professor and his wacky inventions, including a time machine which successfully teleports the Shikatani's among other families and their homes to pre-historic times where they encounter several other dinosaurs and enchanted beings on their adventures. (Source: ANN)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs. (Source: ANN)
In the 25th century, a spaceship carrying 300 people leaves the earth in search of a new world in the solar system, but an unexpected accident occurs. They crash into a black hole which is connected to another universe. The people on the ship are cast adrift in an emergency capsule to a planet called Ismo. The story begins 12 years after they have reached Ismo. Ismo is a star of the Onam System, which corresponds to the Solar System in our universe. It is the only planet left in the Onam System. The Death Star called Yomi is a comet which regularly approaches the Onam System. There were once 8 planets in the Onam System. Many years ago, in the time of the gods, there was a war against the evil monster Yamatano Orochi (an 8-headed snake-like creature). The gods won the battle. Yamatano Orochi was locked into 8 stones, one of which is buried deep in the center of each planet. Nobody was supposed to have access to the core of the planets. However Tsukuyomi, an evil god who rules Yomi, succeeded in reaching the stones one after another, destroying 7 of the planets using his powerful robots, the Sky Warriors. However, when he tried to acquire the last stone from the planet Ismo, the most powerful Sky Warrior, Susanoo, got out of control and was blown away. A million years later, the Death Star Yomi is approaching the Onam System once again. Tsukuyomi, the master of Yomi, plans to take this opportunity to realize his dream of ruling the entire universe. He is desperate for the last stone containing Yamatano Orochi. If Tsukuyomi can get hold of this stone, Yamatano Orochi will return to life and its power will become his. Tsukuyomi needs Sky Warrior Susanoo to capture the stone, and sends 8 Sky Soldiers to get Susanoo back. But it is too late. Susanoo no longer belongs to Tsukuyomi. It belongs to Takeru, a 13-year-old boy from Earth, who happened to discover the buried robot Susanoo and woke it from its million-year-long sleep. Takeru becomes involved in the battle against the Sky Soldiers and their evil master, Tsukuyomi. Susanoo stands up to protect his friends and their planet. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Ta-chan is the king of jungle. He was abandoned in savanna, and has been raised by a chimpanzee, Etekichi. He has a dearest wife, Jane who used to be a top model in New York, but now she looks... Anyway, to protect animals from poachers, Ta-chan is fighting against them with his disciple, Pedro, and a master of Chinese martial arts, Ryo. This anime is based on the manga with the same title; it begins as a comical parody of Tarzan. The first several episodes are comedies, but the rest of the series consists of (rather) serious episodes. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Boston, 1930: Montana Jones and his cousin professor Alfred Jones travel around the world to search lost treasures in order to bring them to museums. Alfred's mentor professor Gerrit helps them by sending LPs with information. On one trip they meet Melissa, a wealthy reporter, who speaks nearly all languages. She accompanies the two on their trips. Their opponent is Lord Zero, a rich, bizarre art lover and master thief. Lord Zero has two henchmen: Slim and Slam. There is also the inventor Dr. Nitro, who invents strange engines, which to help finding treasures. (Source: Wikipedia)
Tsuyoshi Ikawa lives at home with his popular and beautiful sisters. Despite their qualities, his sisters and his mother are horrible at household chores, including cooking, so all these duties are taken over by Tsuyoshi while his father is away due to being temporarily transferred to another city for work.
Shiratori Nagisa is a pink haired singing idol, continually badgered by her father to find new disciples for the family dojo. In an attempt to gain free-time as a normal kid, she cuts her hair and cross-dresses as a high-school boy. "Ootori Nagisa" enrolls in a run-down school, falling in love with a rival school's gang leader, Nosaka Akira. She soon finds out Nosaka-kun is a fan of Nagisa - The Idol. Keeping up the charade, they manage to sneak time together. Rivals for Nagisa's affection, BOTH their dojo-running fathers, as well as martial artist animals and an up-in-coming Idol conspire to make thier lives a complicated as possible. (Source: ANN)
The story is about Hikaru Tatsumura who came from Brazil to fulfill his dream to be a great soccer player because he met a great player once who was admired by all people. However Tatsumura is a very cheerful person and easy going except when it is about soccer. He becomes serious and strong. He also gives a unique performance such as doing a funny dance with his buddy after he makes a goal. Tatsumura will face a lot of challenges with his team while aiming for success.
The story of Mr. Araiwa and his family. He is a model employee in a large enterprise, but becomes a completely different character at home. He is very keen on cooking and lets pass no occasion to cook delicious dishes for his wife, who is frequently occupied by her work as a journalist, or his young son. (Source: AniDB)
Hello Kitty lives with her mother, father, and identical twin sister Mimmy in this series, which also stars other Sanrio characters including Keroppi, Pekkle, and Little Twin Stars "Patty" and "Jimmy." Characters have different adventures around their neighborhood (and occasionally in fantasy) in each episode. 
Hello Kitty and her twin sister Mimi (aka Mimmy) are in kindergarten and have regular adventures "over the rainbow" (in their imaginations) or around their home and neighborhood.
This gag comedy series focused on the adventures of a bizarre superhero powered by special cooking and fights against various aliens and other enemies threatening the planet Earth.
An omnibus-format TV series consisting of anime adaptations of Japanese folk tales, this is one of Japan's longest-running TV series, and Group Tac's second TV series (the first was The Road to Munich, a documentary anime about the 1972 Olympics). The governing rule of the series was that the creative staff change from episode to episode. While later other anime series like Nippon Animation's Famous Works of Japanese Literature would attempt the same, none would be as long-lived or successful.  The rotation idea was that of director Sugii Gisaburo, a visual visionary unequaled in Japanese film history who has revolutionized anime several times in his career, be it in the 1967 TV series Goku's Big Adventure, in which he sought to shake anime free from the dominance of story development by yanking it back to a more cartoonish form, or The Belladonna of Sadness, where he broke the Disney full-animation mold, creating a full-length animated film in a completely new style that was a hybrid of still drawings and animation. The reason for rotating the staff each episode was so that each episode would have a completely different look and feel from its predecessor, and in this it was eminently successful. This is a series that is genuinely rewarding to watch, and is visually one of the richest in anime history.  While this system also meant that quality varied, there were also occasionally superb episodes, as on the staff were many veterans like Group Tac founder SUGII Gisaburo himself, SHIBAYAMA Tsutomu, FURUZAWA Hideo, RIN Taro, and HIKONE Norio. Old episodes started being repeated more and more frequently as the years went on, and production of new episodes finally ceased completely in late 1995, but the series is still widely broadcast.  (Source: Pelleas)
Bow is a homeless dog, who enjoys his carefree life. This dog is no super-hero. He drools when he's hungry, he wags his tail when he's happy, and he barks when he's excited, just like an ordinary dog but even uglier and stupider! His dumb innocence often leads to disaster. But somehow people are charmed by him. School children, a lonesome cartoonist, and a gangster family all play an important role in Bow's life. (Source: ANN)
Rocky Rackat (Pokonyan) is a funny little creature that's a bit of a cross between a cat and a raccoon. There are rumors that he may be a lunar cat, however this is not a documented fact, he may be a bit looney at times, yet his origin remains a mystery. Rocky is quite innocent and unaware of the value of his special powers. He has the ability to turn children's fantasies into realities. The sky is the limit in the adventures he can create! Our story begins when Amy (Miki), a spirited young girl, joins her family on a camping trip. To her surprise, Amy discovers Rocky in her backpack among her camping gear. Rocky thinks Amy is his sister and he follows her everywhere. Amy is active and curious, yet she has a tendency to become frustrated and fed-up with the world around her. With Rocky's arrival, Amy's world changes drastically. Rocky uses his powers to turn Amy's dreams into real life adventures. Although Rocky's efforts are well intended, his efforts are not always successful. Occasionally these adventures "short-circuit" and become near disasters! Through "thick and thin" Rocky and Amy become quite a pair and develop a long lasting friendship, experiencing a wide assortment of fun-filled escapades. [Source: Enoki Films USA]
The second show in the Virtual Trilogy, a mix of anime and live action shots.  Virtual Station is a laboratory with the purpose of gathering and researching DNA. With the information gained through combining old DNA elements, the ancient world was virtually reconstructed. Yui is one of the Gene Divers. She enters the virtual ancient world to collect the DNA of animals that are extinct in reality. But then an incident happens. Yui tries to leave the virtual world during a maintenance cycle, but instead of being returned to reality she is transferred to a new virtual present. In this new world, generated by the now uncontrollable system, an intelligent species evolved from rodents, called puglaistig exists. They consider the existence of humankind a serious threat and try to stop human evolution by all means. (Source: Kaninona.org)
Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live.
Together with the hero of this series, Brian Thompson an ex-reporter, we get to relive the great games of the Football World Cup. The story begins with the first selection which took place in Uruguay 1930 until 1994 when it was held in the United States. We also get a depiction of Thompson's life from his youth until now.  We also see the game brilliantly reborn through spectacular players like Franz Beckenbauer, Müller Gard, Eusebio and the greatest of them all, Pelé. (Source: A somewhat rough translation of a summary of the series from the French site "Planéte Jeunesse")
Pacusi is a story of Pacusi and his family. Little happenings in ordinary days are described. We can enjoy the warmhearted and big strange world of Pacusi.
A story about kids fighting with Karaoke.
A public service proverb-of-the-week anime. Peter the salary man lives a very unhealthy lifestyle, starving then bingeing until he feels seek, or slobbing around the house until badgered into taking up exercise, during which he invariably pulls a muscle. (Source: ANN)
Adventures of the Scrappers Rescue Team.
As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB)
A slice of life anime about Ponta, a bacteria; and his mother and father, and his girlfriend Maki-chan.
Claymation about a loving blob mother and her blob son. Each episode is a simple glimpse into their 'normal' lives.
An NHK toddler's anime following animals and their adventures.
The 150-year-long stalemate between the two interstellar superpowers, the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance, comes to an end when a new generation of leaders arises: the idealistic military genius Reinhard von Lohengramm, and the FPA's reserved historian, Yang Wenli. While Reinhard climbs the ranks of the Empire with the aid of his childhood friend, Siegfried Kircheis, he must fight not only the war, but also the remnants of the crumbling Goldenbaum Dynasty in order to free his sister from the Kaiser and unify humanity under one genuine ruler. Meanwhile, on the other side of the galaxy, Yang—a strong supporter of democratic ideals—has to stand firm in his beliefs, despite the struggles of the FPA, and show his pupil, Julian Mintz, that autocracy is not the solution. As ideologies clash amidst the war's many casualties, the two strategic masterminds must ask themselves what the real reason behind their battle is. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.
The year is 2040 and the galaxy is flourishing with several colonies and advanced technology. AI is near perfection and the current top idol is the near-completed Virturoid Idol Sharon Apple. All that is missing are her actual feelings, which instead are supplied by Myung Fang Lone. Sharon's debut concert is on planet Eden, where at the same time, fighter pilots Isamu Dyson and Guld Bowman battle over air superiority for the "Supernova Project." Isamu, Guld and Myung were once childhood friends, but after an accident seven years ago, they went their own separate ways. With Myung back in the picture, the old disputes are once again awakened. And when an unstable and illegal AI technique is installed in Sharon, the situation is worsened.  (Source: ANN)
While the galaxy remains at peace, Tenchi Masaki continues to live on Earth with Ryouko and Washuu Hakubi, Aeka and Sasami Jurai Masaki, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, and the cat-like creature Ryo-Ohki. Though it sounds great to be surrounded by so many women, they always end up making things difficult for Tenchi by constantly fighting for his attention, and their attempts at household chores always end in disaster. Although life has become more chaotic since they moved in, Tenchi begins to form a strong bond with his roommates and gains more insight into their respective struggles and history. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Running late on her first day as a patrol woman for the Bokuto Police Department, spunky moped rider Natsumi Tsujimoto decides to take several shortcuts, only to be chased down and cited by mechanical genius and expert police driver Miyuki Kobayakawa. Upon arrival at the precinct, Natsumi finds out that her new partner is the same woman who ticketed her earlier. At first, she doesn't trust Miyuki, but in a short period of time, they develop an unbreakable friendship that overcomes traffic accidents, reckless drivers and even the strongest typhoons to hit Tokyo.  (Source: ANN)
These are two recap specials that focus on Team Urameshi's matches in the Dark Tournament, with a few character songs playing in the background.  There are also two shorts at the end of each episode, both of which are about 1:20 long. Eizou Hakusho Series: Ankoku Bujutsukai no Shou - Gekan -Group Photo Eizou Hakusho Series: Ankoku Bujutsukai no Shou - Joukan -Koto's Interview
Ranmaru and Kei have a strong and passionate relationship built on years of trust, sacrifice and love. But when the mysterious son of a Yakuza boss begins to pursue Ranmaru's affection, tempers flare, and hidden emotions rise to the surface. Will Ranmaru and Kei's love survive, or will the emotional conflict finally come to a head? (Source: Be Beautiful)
Baki, a new grappler on the no-holds barred fighting scene, is flying up the ranks. All that is left in his wake are the dead and the defeated. However, no one can tell whether he can keep this up against the previous champion, a fierce fighter who severs his opponents very nerves to win.  (Source: ANN)
Osakana wa Ami no Naka is a story based on manga by Nekokichi Ranma about Tsukamoto Yuuji, a young businessman and great swimmer, and Matsui Takahiro, who is still attending school and is also a beginner in swimming. (Source: AniDB)
When a slave girl dons the Cursed Panties of Torijama, the world of fantasy suddenly becomes a whole lot sexier. Based on the comics by Itoyoko, Dragon Pink is the story of four adventurers out for danger, treasure, and a good time: the slave girl Pink, now destined to be a sexually overcharged catwoman; Santa, the talented swordsman; Pias, the elf sorceress with magic where you wouldn't believe; and Bobo, the big warrior with the big axe. And the mayhem's just stared with Pink and company up against bad guys who all have permanent plans for her and her party. Trouble, disaster, and dismay are in store, as well as plenty of good stuff, too. The trouble is living long enough to get there. (Source: AniDB)
Based on the game by Alice Soft. While Rance might well be one of the best swordsmen in the world, he has the personality of a rancid turd. He is narcissistic, lecherous, abusive and almost without any redeeming social graces. And his underclad and overabused slave Sill knows this, but she is still in love with him. One day Rance is hired to defend a dusty and forsaken desert village from the repeated attacks of scantly clad and oversexed sorceress intent on the resurrection of a long forgotten demon. (Source: AniDB, edited)
A 30-minute OVA composed of five Koji Nanjo music videos, featuring never-seen scenes between Takuto and him, with an original art gallery by Minami Ozaki at the end. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hiroe Ogawa is a healthy, normal girl with an extraordinary, private dilemma. Hiroe is unable to reach sexual climax under any circumstances. Over Hiroe's objections, older housemate Mayaka and landlady Yayoi use a varity of sexual techniques, appendages, and even hypnotism in order to help Hiroe achieve her elusive goal. (Source: ANN)
In a country where companies are categorized into many subdivisions and corporations, only one of them is a ghost corp—the Phantom quest corp. When otherworldly supernatural phenomenon threatens the city and its populace, Ayaka Kisaragi and her employees are on the job to fight any and all supernatural menace. (Source: ANN)
10 years have passed since the end of the last war against the radam. A new team of Space Knights has been assembled under the lead of Aki and D-boy. The first mission of the new tekkaman is to defeat the radam but then, they have to fight against a remnent from the past. (Source: ANN)
In a rainy spring day, first year high schooler Midori Saezima saw a tall, handsome fellow student took care of a stray kitten. Without knowing the boy's name, she fell in love with him at the first sight. Due to sickness, Midori returned to school three days after summer vacation -- only to find out that she was "volunteered" as a candidate for student council. After a series of embarrassing accidents, both she and the mysterious boy she had a crush on, Akira Sudo, were elected as members of the student council. Being the first student council of this newly established high school, they are about to create "new traditions" for their school and a bittersweet love story for themselves...  (Source: ANN)
There was once an ogre (oni) mother who gave birth to a human looking child. Instead of an ogre's horn, this child was born with a sword in hand called the "Onikirimaru" or Ogre Slayer. He has no name and is only referred to by the name of his sword. Though he appears human, he is pure ogre. Believing that he will become human once all of his kind have vanished from the world of humans, he sets out on his destiny to slay all of his kind. Even now, in the mother world of Japan, he is still out there slaying ogres. (Source: ANN)
Sweat-soaked bodies writhe in passion as a nurse and a doctor plot to murder the nurse's young ward; meanwhile, a young man endures the despair of unrequited love, unaware that the object of his desire is in love... with another woman! If these hardly seem like sources for high comedy, perhaps it's because you're not Kaguya, a strangely powerful being with the ability to manipulate the fabric of reality, an extremely perverse sense of humor, and a propensity for baring her breasts. A living manifestation of the Hand (or some other bodily portion) of Fate, those who fall under Kaguya's twisted spell will never be the same again, for she delights in giving people their hearts' desires-and letting them suffer the consequences! Together with her stumpy man-servant Pipi, Kaguya stages her human puppet shows with the flair of a master show-woman, foiling perfect murders, turning young men INTO the women of their dreams, and generally causing mass chaos and disaster.
Using state of the art animation End Of Summer tells the story of one young man's relationship with five women in a frank and sensual manner seldom explored in even the most daring of live action films. Although the hero, Wataru, wants only to score with Mai, the girl of his dreams, he must first deal with four other young women scattered in his path like land mines. There is infatuated and juvenile Miho, tomboyish athlete Misa, naive Kurumi, and the caustic Satomi, who works in the restaurant where Wataru hangs out and whose personal life become hopelessly intertwined with Wataru's. The inevitable liaison between Satomi and Wataru sets a new standard in the rendering of animated erotica and may forever change the way animation is viewed in North America.
While looking for the ledgendary Mapman, the last surviving member of the Nomad Star tribe, Lipumira finds him in Tokyo. His name is Gen Tokishima and he is the only one able to get one part of the starmap hidden within the Earth. After retrieving the piece, Gen must make a decision to follow Lipumira in her foolhardy search to find the remaining pieces of the starmap or stay on Earth. He makes his decision, only to find his girlfriend has beaten him to the spaceship as she wants to come as well. Unfortunately, as Gen learns the secret of the starmap, Lipumira's sisters have plans to stop her and will stop her at any cost.  (Source: ANN)
Tokiro Ehara, an idealistic geeky professor, begins teaching at an exclusive high school for girls, with hopes of meeting young innocent minds in their most fragile state. Unfortunately, on his way to work, he meets 18-year-old Miyako and finds out that she is one wild student that needs to be taught how a prim and proper teenager should behave. He starts to believe that he is just the right person to teach her. Miyako, however, has other plans, and she's not above using her seductive wiles to lure him into submission.  (Source: AniDB)
Tsukasa Tachibana is taking his final exams for the third time, but little does he know is that he's the test for three witches, and things go from bad to worse! (Source: Wikipedia)
Kate, the voluptuous, virginal new recruit of the Federal Space Army Security Police, is the newest detective in the force. She's eager to prove her worth as an undercover agent, but that might not be as easy as she thinks. Her first assignment is to track down the villains who have been raping young women from the hot desert planet, Doune. (Source: ANN)
Mai and Ai Amatsu are beautiful and powerful twin sisters descended from a Tennyo angel. However, part of this legacy includes fighting off sex-starved demons and protecting the child-like boy Onimaro from evil forces. Can Mai and Ai carry out their mission in life and retain their chastity at the same time?  (Source: Animetric.com) 
In an old world clash between light and darkness (as always), the evil Lord Uongadis is sealed away under a gigantic monument called the Earth Blade. 20 years have passed since the wars, and now the threat of evil being brought back is greater than ever as demons try to revive their lord. (Source: ANN)
Yuu and Saya are two of the top Cosmic Hunters in the galaxy, and Yuu is enjoying a bit of fame after his most recent adventure. The two are on a date when they are interrupted from a distress signal from their "ally", the feline pervert Nyan. In the meantime, the space pirate Belga begins attacking space freighters in an attempt to lure out Yuu, so she can take him to bed with her. Of course, when he spurns her, she decides that if she can't have him, then no one can. (Source: AnimeNfo)
(No synopsis yet.)
To spend the summer vacation, junior high school student, Kazuki rides a bullet train to Hiroshima to stay with his aunt. Arriving in Hiroshima, his aunt narrates the tragic past of what happened the day the atomic bomb fell. From the aunt who had to overcome a lot of hardships, he learns the value of peace and to have the courage to lose.
A Hello Kitty telling of the classic A Little Princess novel.
A traffic safety video starring the cast of Shima Shima Tora no Shimajirou.
A fire safety video starring the cast of Shima Shima Tora no Shimajirou.
Jaga Bada, Mr. Satan's old sparring partner, has invited Satan to his personal island to hold a grudge match. Trunks and Goten decide to come for the adventure and Android #18 is following Satan for the money he owes her. Little do they know that Jaga Bada's scientist have found a way to resurrect Broly, the legendary Super Saiyan.
Get your quarters ready, because the world's top fighters are about to go head to head in this explosive animated adaptation of the classic Street Fighter II arcade game! M. Bison's plan to crush those who would oppose his organization, Shadowloo, is simple: brainwash the strongest martial artists around with his dreaded psycho power, and turn them into living weapons! To stop him, Interpol agent Chun-Li must team up with Major Guile of the United States Air Force, but that's no small feat. They'll have to put aside their differences and learn to work together, and fast. Bison is closing in on Ryu, a traveling vagabond said to be the best fighter in the world. Fortunately (or not), Ryu is a hard man to find, but the same can't be said of his eternal rival, Ken. And it might just be through Ken that Bison will get what he wants! Can the World Warriors beat Bison to the punch? (Source: Discotek)
Kuno purchases a strange egg, believing that the mysterious powers of the legendary Phoenix will help him defeat Ranma. But when the egg hatches on his head, the bird goes out of control and wreaks havoc all over Tokyo. Ranma and the gang must use any means necessary to get the Phoenix to leave Kuno's head and fly away. (Source: ANN)
Set during the Inter High Championships, Shohoku take on Tsukubu, one of this year's dark horses. It's a clash of acquaintances as Anzai will face his former student which is now the coach of Tsukubu, while Akagi & Kogure meet Godai their former classmate and Tsukubu's captain. Finally Sakuragi is irked by the presence of Nango, Tsukubu's center, who vies for Haruko's attention. (Source: ANN)
Young millionaire Laocorn Gaudeamus is on a crusade to recover six pieces of armour said to give the user the powers of Mars—the legendary God of War. Fearing that her twin brother is slowly losing his sanity with every armour piece he collects, Sulia runs to Terry, Andy, Joe and Mai to form their own global crusade to stop Laocorn from opening a potential Pandora's Box and releasing an uncontrollable form of destruction. (Source: ANN)
This heartwarming and unexpectedly mature story concerns a young girl named Hiromi Nozawa and her dog, Junkers (pronounced Yoon-kers). Hiromi walks us through her childhood troubles of love, schooling, and family bonds. Her companion Junkers accompanies her on this adventure; however, Junkers is no ordinary dog—he can talk and grant 3 wishes. 
Her name is Mikami and she is a Ghost Sweeper by profession. She's also the sexiest exorcist/bounty hunter you will ever meet! When an evil vampire sorcerer returns to Tokyo after a 100-year absence, Mikami is hired to track him and his menacing assistant down before they take over the city.
An indentured Chinese laborer, brought to Japan to work in a coal mine during WWII, manages to escape his captors. He hides out in the Japanese countryside, so far from human habitation that he does not realize when the war ends, with ultimately tragic results. Based on a story by Yoichi Takashi.
The Biography of Budori Gusko was the recipient of numerous awards including the Monbusho Selection. The original novella on which the film is based is one of Kenji Miyazawa's more famous works, alongside Matasaburo the Wind Imp, Gauche the Cellist and Night on the Galactic Railroad. The story follows the life of a young boy named Gusuko who lives in the countryside with his parents and little sister. A string of droughts and other natural disasters tear the family apart, and Gusuko is forced to leave home and seek his fortunes on his own. Driven by a desire to improve the quality of life of his poor countrymen, he eventually joins a group of scientists called the Iihatov Volcano Department, and there takes part in scientific projects to fight the natural disasters that drove him from his home. (Source: pelleas.net)
It is the year 2023, hurrying for a scoop, Eunjoo, a very active girl reporter, meets Gokdari and his super kids, who specialize in arresting space criminals. The Gokdari's group consists of the best space warriors. Their job is to do good by getting rid of any space rascal. At the right moment they arrest a space monster names Wangdochi and another criminal by locking them in a mysterious golden stick, which is widely reported by Eunjoo. One month later, a police chief and an inspector visit Gokdari and his super kids and asks them to arrest Judogwi, the most violent criminal in space. Judogwi, a 90-foot tall monster, resembling an elephant. This monster is a very violent offender. Carrying a strong energizer bead and equipped with super natural powers. The police offer a reward on this offender's head. Gokdari and his super kids leave for the skull planet where Judogwi lives. They face a lot of danger and difficulties in fighting this monster because of his supernatural powers. They are joined by another warrior, Mio, he takes the energizer bead out of Judogwi and lets it explode by itself. As Judogwi has no power with the bead, all our heroes finally defeat the monster and lock him in the mysterious golden stick. Gokdari and his super kids return to earth and donate their reward to an orphanage. 
It's summer vacation in Penguin Village, and a very pretty vampire pays them a visit! (Source: BakaBT)
In folklore, there are many tales about people being deceived by cunning and mischievous foxes. But what if those are humans who simply attribute these traits to foxes and look upon them with suspicion? One winter day, Shirou and his little sister Kanko go out to play in the fields and meet a fox cub named Konzaburou. Despite the initial mistrust towards him due to foxes' reputation as tricksters, the siblings not only befriend Konzaburou but also accept his invitation to visit the evening performance that foxes arrange in the forest. Now, what lays ahead for the children is an amazing experience that may forever change their opinion of these animals. A short film based on a story by Japanese writer Miyazawa Kenji. (Source: AniDB)
The story is set in primitive times,in a village which is home to Bow, Sayaka, and other funny characters. The village is suffering from a shortage of food. To resolve this critical situation, Inugami’s grandmother makes a prophesy: “The chosen one will save the village with a great animal.” Following this prophesy, Bow, Sayaka, Inugami, and Sabu set out together on a journey. Sayaka expends great effort trying to capture a mammoth, while Bow causes confusion by fooling around in his usual way… (Source: Nipponanimation)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A Hong Kong crime boss contracts Lupin, Fujiko and Jigen to recover a legendary dragon statue that sunk with the Titanic. Unfortunately for them, the dragon is a treasure of Goemon's clan, said to have power exceeding that of his Zantetsuken sword; he resolves to protect the statue at all costs, even if it means killing his old friends.  (Source: ANN)
One hundred years after their deaths, six legendary holy warriors are reborn to seek justice against the former comrade who betrayed them into the hands of an evil god! The six warriors search the feudal province of Edo questing for the last Saint Soldier, Haohmaru, and their sworn nemesis Shirou Amakusa. Will the followers of the divine light triumph over the forces of darkness, or is history destined to repeat itself? Before their hundred-year journey has ended, six samurai will prove that the only thing stronger than their holy blades is the steel of their wills! (Source: AniDB)
Prologue episode. The first half features main characters in their chibi forms introducing each other and explaining the premise of the show. The second half features footage of seiyuus working, talking about the show and doing some funny stuff.
Two Kobo-chan televised specials that aired after the TV anime's serialization. The 1st special is composed of 4 short stories. The 2nd special received some interrupted broadcasts in some parts of Japan due to an earthquake near the Miyagi Prefecture.
