Hiro has two loves: baseball and porn, but due to an elbow injury, gives up baseball, choosing a school with no baseball team. His childhood friend Hikari attends a different school with baseball ace Hideo. The two of them wish that Hiro had not given up baseball. Hiro joins the soccer team and meets Haruka, a very clumsy girl who is also the daughter of his father's boss. Haruka is the manager of the unofficial baseball club at Hiro's school. When the soccer team challenges the baseball club to a game, with hopes of humiliating them, the baseball club nearly loses until Hiro, disgusted by the soccer team's arrogance, switches to the baseball club.  (Source: ANN)
The Evil Forces of Dark Joker are closing in on our planet after having destroyed the beautiful planet of Queen Earth. Now, 10 year old Moriya Ririka, with the help of her childhood friend Seiya and the mysterious Kanon, must transform into the Nurse Angel and find the elusive Flower of Life, the only way to defeat the evil forces. The Flower of Life, that once bloomed all over the Earth, is where no one thought it ever would be. And Ririka must make the hardest decision of her life in order to acquire it and rid the universe of evil once and for all.  (Source: ANN)
An anime aimed at kindergarteners for the sole purpose of teaching how eating different things make you poop differently and how to maintain a regular digestive schedule (so as to avoid constipation or diarrhea).
Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a warrior from the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was completely annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others. With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will be fought over the seven mystical dragon balls, and only the strongest will survive in Dragon Ball Z. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hanamichi Sakuragi, infamous for this temper, massive height, and fire-red hair, enrolls in Shohoku High, hoping to finally get a girlfriend and break his record of being rejected 50 consecutive times in middle school. His notoriety precedes him, however, leading to him being avoided by most students. Soon, after certain events, Hanamichi is left with two unwavering thoughts: "I hate basketball," and "I desperately need a girlfriend." One day, a girl named Haruko Akagi approaches him without any knowledge of his troublemaking and asks him if he likes basketball. Hanamichi immediately falls head over heels in love with her, blurting out a fervent affirmative. She then leads him to the gymnasium, where she asks him if he can do a slam dunk. In an attempt to impress Haruko, he makes the leap, but overshoots, instead slamming his head straight into the blackboard. When Haruko informs the basketball team's captain of Hanamichi's near-inhuman physical capabilities, he slowly finds himself drawn into the camaraderie and competition of the sport he had previously held resentment for. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The United Earth Sphere Alliance is a powerful military organization that has ruled over Earth and space colonies with an iron fist for several decades. When the colonies proclaimed their opposition to this, their leader was assassinated. Now, in the year After Colony 195, bitter colonial rebels have launched "Operation Meteor," sending five powerful mobile suits to Earth for vengeance. Built out of virtually indestructible material called Gundanium Alloy, these "Gundams" begin an assault against the Alliance and its sub organization OZ. One Gundam, whose pilot has taken the name of the slain colony leader Heero Yuy, is forced to make a crash landing into the ocean after an atmospheric battle against OZ's ace pilot Zechs Marquise. Upon coming ashore, he is found by Relena Peacecraft, daughter of a peace-seeking politician, who witnesses Heero's descent to Earth. Although neither of them realize it yet, this encounter will have a profound impact on both their lives, as well as those on Earth and in space colonies. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Powerful, avaricious sorceress Lina Inverse travels around the world, stealing treasures from bandits who cross her path. Her latest victims, a band of thieves, wait in ambush in a forest, thirsting for revenge. When Lina is about to effortlessly pummel her would-be attackers, the swordsman Gourry Gabriev suddenly announces his presence. Assuming Lina to be a damsel in distress, the foolish yet magnanimous man confronts the brigands in order to rescue her. After defeating them posthaste, the oblivious cavalier decides to escort Lina to Atlas City. Though not very keen on this idea, she ends up accepting his offer. However, without realizing it, Lina has chanced upon a mighty magical item among her most recent spoils. Now two mysterious men are hunting the young magician and her self-proclaimed guardian to obtain this powerful object for apparently nefarious purposes. This way they begin their adventure, one where the fate of the world itself may be at stake. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While visiting the National Library, junior-high students Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo are transported into the world of a mysterious book set in ancient China, "The Universe of The Four Gods." Miaka suddenly finds herself with the responsibility of being the priestess of Suzaku, and must find all of her celestial warriors for the purpose of summoning Suzaku for three wishes; however, the enemy nation of the god Seiryuu has manipulated Yui into becoming the priestess of Seiryuu. As enemies, the former best friends begin their long struggle to summon their respective gods and obtain their wishes... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
SuperS centers heavily on Chibi-usa and the Sailor Team. A new enemy, the Dead Moon Circus, has now appeared. Their motive is to find the Golden Dream Mirror that would be used to rule the world. To do this, the enemy attacks innocent victims for their Dream Mirrors and test their energy. Chibi-usa also has a new ally on her side, Pegasus. This season also sees the Sailor Senshi obtaining new powers. 
Tenchi Masaki's life changes forever when the ship of an infamous space pirate, Ryouko Hakubi, is shot down and crashes near his family's temple. Little did Tenchi know that by saving Ryouko, he would spark a series of events that would lead alien women from all walks of life to inhabit his home. This includes the delicate Princess Aeka of Jurai and her playful younger sister Princess Sasami; the scatterbrained first-class detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu and her more capable partner Kiyone Makibi; and the eccentric, mad scientist Washuu Hakubi. The six women do their best to adapt to their new lives, but their more advanced and exotic lifestyle does not mesh well with the simplistic customs on Earth. As a result, they just end up making a mess and causing trouble for poor Tenchi. Though the girls are a pain, Tenchi begins to form a close relationship with each of them, and through their bond, he begins to gain a better understanding of his role in the universe. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Miki Koishikawa is a high school student who enjoys a very simple life. However, her ordinary life is about to be turned upside down, and she may not be able to handle everything that is coming her way. After a very "fun" holiday in Hawaii, her parents have decided to get a divorce. As if this wasn’t enough of a shock for the poor girl, she also discovers that they will soon be re-marrying and swapping partners with another couple who they met on holiday. In order to include Miki in this shocking turn of events, they ask her to give the new couple a chance, and set up a dinner date with everyone. Miki may have tried to be emotionally prepared for her new parents, but what she was not expecting was their handsome son Matsuura Yuu. Miki develops an instant crush for Yuu. What starts off as a lovely friendship between them soon develops into romantic feelings which they are both finding hard to control. But more trouble is ahead in their relationship, as both Miki and Yuu have admirers of their own who are trying very hard to keep them separated.
Romeo is a kindhearted and courageous boy living with his family in a small village in Switzerland. Unfortunately, Romeo becomes the interest of a man named Luini, known as "The God of Death," who is infamous for buying children and selling them as chimney sweeps in Milan. While visiting the village, Luini burns down Romeo's family cornfield in an attempt to have Romeo as his own. With the cornfield gone and his father sustaining a head injury trying to put out the fire, Romeo bravely sells himself to the God of Death in order to help his family afford a doctor.  On his way to Milan, Romeo meets a boy named Alfredo Martini and they quickly become friends. Just as Alfredo is sold to a different master, the two boys swear eternal friendship and vow to meet again. As a chimney sweep, Romeo faces many hardships and abuse, especially from his master's family and a gang known as the Wolf Pack. But after reuniting with Alfredo, the two form a fraternity of chimney sweeps called "The Black Brothers," who will learn to fight against the Wolf Pack and help each other in times of need. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Soon after Hikaru, Umi, and Fuu return to Tokyo, the three of them meet at Tokyo Tower to talk. Hikaru says that she wishes they could return to Cephiro and do something good for the land that Princess Emeraude protected so dearly. Umi and Fuu agree. Suddenly, a light appears in the sky and they are transported to Cephiro. Clef explains to them that with no Pillar to keep Cephiro peaceful, it has fallen into chaos. Monsters are multiplying and the land is becoming desolate. All the remaining inhabitants of Cephiro have moved into a magical castle. Clef also tells the girls some alarming news; three other countries, Chizeta, Fahren, and Autozam are trying to invade Cephiro and take over the Pillar system for their own purposes. The girls must stop the invaders as well as the mysterious and evil Lady Debonair, who believes she is the rightful Pillar, all the while desperately hoping and searching for a new Pillar to make Cephiro into the beautiful land it once was. (Source: ANN)
35 years have passed since Lynn Minmay had brought peace between the Zentradi and the humans in the events of Macross. Nekki Basara is a guitarist and a singer of the band Fire Bomber. Living in a less-developed part of the flying colony City 7 which is looking for a habitable planet, he composes and sings songs in the belief that music holds a greater power. During its flight, an unknown alien race appeared and started laying siege upon City 7. However, its attacks are not conventional -- instead of trying to destroy them, they steal what is known as "spiritia", rendering victims unresponsive and zombie-like. During these battles, Basara always goes out into the middle of the warzone, singing his songs and expecting friend and foe to listen and be moved by his music. (Source: ANN)
The first 33 episodes are a summary of the previous series. In the first new episodes a new character, Shingo Aoi, (playing in Italy) is introduced. After that the world cup begins, this time with extraordinary, new countries like Sweden, Thailand or Uzbekistan. Unfortunately the Anime ends in the middle of the world cup after the match Japan-Uzbekistan. (Source: ANN)
Ryu and Ken Masters are close friends and both are martial artists. In order to become better fighters and learn new techniques, they travel the world and are exposed to many different fighting styles, as well as meeting new people. During their journey, they find themselves caught up in a conspiracy perpetrated by a mysterious organisation called Shadowlaw, both now face their ultimate challenge and must fight for their lives as they combat the evil M. Bison.  (Source: ANN)
There are three known worlds—the human world, the angel world, and the devil world. The evil queen Raindevilla yearns to destroy the angel world with help or her many devil minions. The goddess Aphrodite sends an angel to the human world, Limone, to summon three love angels in the form of three school girls, Momoko Hanasaki, Yuri Tanima, and Hinagiku Tamano, who together become Angel Lilly, Angel Daisy, and Wedding Peach. The three girls must fight to overcome the evils of the devils, as well as their own lives, and restore peace to the angel world by gathering all pieces of the Sacred Four Somethings (or Saint Something Four) and defeat the evil queen once and for all. (Source: ANN)
Inaho Jr. High's Boys Ping Pong Club has only 6 members, the club minimum. Takeda is your average nice guy. Kinoshita is good looking and popular with girls. Unfortunately, the rest are branded as losers. Tanabe is too foreign, while Tanaka is petite and perverse. Maena and Izawa are truly deviant, and their crazed antics have earned the team some powerful enemies. In spite of their differences, the team needs to work together to retain their practice room and club status. (Source: ANN)
In ancient times, a great battle was waged between a master mage, Enno Ozuno, and an evil demon goddess, Karuma. Unfortunately, Enno didn't have the strength to defeat her alone and was forced to call upon Zenki, a powerful protector demon. After Karuma was defeated, Enno sealed Zenki away in a pillar located inside his temple. 1,200 years after this epic battle, Enno's descendant, Chiaki, spends her days showing tourists around her hometown of Shikigami-cho and doing exorcisms to pay the bills. One day, two thieves enter the town in hopes of opening a seal in the Ozuno temple and releasing the hidden treasure from within. However, what actually pops out is a dark entity that attaches itself to the henchmen, transforming them into demonic beings. After this transformation, they begin a rampage through the temple, terrorizing poor Chiaki. It is now up to this young progeny to unleash her family's powers to summon Zenki and save Shikigami-cho from these demons, as well as the evil entities sure to follow in their footsteps.
"Look! In the sky...It's a bird...It's a plane...It's Super Pig?!" One fateful day, Karin, a junior-high student, found what she thought was an injured piglet. However, the piglet was just exhausted from hunger. After the piglet regained his health by eating Karin's apple, he revealed that he is a prince, Tonrariano III, from a planet called Booringo. Tonrariano wanted to reward Karin for helping him and so he transformed her into a pig with superpowers. Karin was not at all pleased with the gift because she wanted to become a pretty superheroine like "Cutey Chao" (a parody of Cutey Honey), not Super Pig. Reluctantly, she became more interested in her role as Super Pig when she found out that she can turn into someone like "Cutey Chao" if she can collect 108 pearls through doing good deeds for other people.
There is a small village called Jimuna on the continent of Jamu Jamu. This village is home to a girl named Kukuri. She is the last descendant of the Migu Migu Tribe. She is raised by an old witch who teaches her the secret magic of the tribe, but Kukuri is not a good student. In the same village lives a boy named Nike. He has been raised by very strict parents. They discipline their son to become a brave hero of the village. Nike himself does not want to be a hero at all, but he grows up to become a mighty boy. One day the king of the village, Kodai, recruits troops to fight against the ruler of the darkness, Giri. Kukuri and Nike are accepted. The two children, the strong but reluctant hero Nike, and the eager but unskilled little witch Kukuri, set out on a wonderful journey full of adventures and friendship. (Source: Nippon Animation)
In the war, a group of warriors called Ninku fought against the Imperial Army and almost annihilated it. But in the end, the Ninku lost and got shattered. After the war, the imperial army established themselves as the defender of the people with the help of propaganda. They also managed to get the people to think the Ninku were the villains and had started the war. Fusuke looks like a child but he is the former captain of the first Ninku division. His mother was taken during the war and after the Ninku were defeated, he goes on a journey to find her. On his journey he meets Aicho and Touji, both also former Ninku captains, and together they fight against the imperial army that tries to kill the last remaining Ninkus. The ninku is a clan of extinct ninjas who command esoteric and powerful techniques, hence a lot of other groups are constantly trying to steal their techniques to take over the country. Their primary target is Fusuke, a weird looking kid but one of the most powerful Ninku ninja. Fusuke, together with other Ninku ninja with different specialties must fight those threat that caused the downfall of the Ninku clan. (Source: ANN)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school). (Source: Wikipedia)
Azusa Noyama is a 12-year-old girl student, taking 5th grade, but everyone knows her as Azuki-Chan, nickname that she dislikes. Yuunosuke Ogasawara, a new student, asks her about her nickname, saying that he likes it. Azuki falls in love with him, and they start going out together. They share a diary, and become boyfriend and girlfriend. (Source: ANN)
Goldran follows the adventures of three young boys who are tasked with finding alien robot fighters, or Braves, that are sleeping in the form of crystals. Their major antagonist is the flamboyant and thoroughly incompetent Walter, and the villains that follow him are often similarly humorous.  (Source: Wikipedia)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Isami Hanaoka is just a fifth grader who happens to be a descendant of the Shinsengumi. Together with fellow descendants and classmates Soushi Yukimi and Toshi Tsukikage, she discovers in the basement of her home, strange artifacts left behind by their ancestors as well as a message urging them to "Fight the evil Kurotengu organization."  (Source: ANN)
The Eto Rangers ride in Space-Time Transmitting Machine Kirinda to repair the Novel Worlds of Mugen. The Eto Rangers themselves are anthropomorphic animals, each representing one of the 12 Chinese zodiac animals (and The Twelve Branches in Buddhism). In Japan they are known as the Eto animals. The Novel Worlds are stories created by the human imagination, such as old folk tales as well as newer books. These living worlds play out repeatedly, and are necessary for the good of humanity. Princess Aura rules Mugen, which is an island continent hanging over an ocean from the skybound Novel Pole. The Great God Goal gives her power, but she may never leave the small palace island area. Their nemesis is the forgotten Spirit of Cats, Nyanma (real name, Chocolat), who was excluded from the choice of 12 protectors by being disqualified from the race (in actual legend there are many versions of this story). She seeks her revenge by distorting Novel Worlds with Jarei Monsters. When a Jarei Monster goes to a Novel World they alter the story, turning it into a different version, sometimes a parody of itself. Bakumaru, the Spirit of Mice, must use the Genmakyou mirror to reveal ("Jarei Shouran!") the evil spirit once enough clues lead to its identity. Often the Eto Rangers must play out some of the story to find out who or what it is, sometimes even taking on the role of one of the characters in the tale. After defeating the creature, Kirinda is called when Bakumaru holds up his hand with one of Aura's 12 gems on it and calls out "Daikourin Kirinda!" Kirinda descends from a dimensional slit and purifies the evil spirit with a beam weapon, calling out "Jouka!" (Purification). (Source: Wikipedia)
The world we live in is called Earthside in this story. There are the other worlds called Nosfertia, Heavenstia, and Eternalia. When Darknoids from Nosfertia begun invasion to Earthside, Heavenstia sent 3 Animanoids (beast-humans) to prevent it. The lead character Touya had believed that he was a mere human but found he was actually a being of Eternalia. With the help of 3 Animanoids, Touya fights to defend Earthside. 
On a school yachting trip, fifteen children of various ages are mysteriously transported to another world where dinosaurs still roam. While attempting to return home, they encounter talking dinosaurs, revolutionaries, pirates, a princess and primitive scientists. These unlikely allies help them escape from soldiers, bandits, vicious dinosaurs, and fanatical priests. Aggression between the two oldest boys leads to a split in ranks, and a sneaky double cross plot. Unlikely romances bloom in this tense atmosphere, and the group learns that each has strengths that can help them get home, if they work together. Losely based on the book Deux ans De Vacances, by Jules Verne from 1888. (Source: ANN)
Based on the short story "Ghost Toilet" from Toru Tsunemitsu's urban myth collection "School Ghost Stories." This was adapted into the children's book "Hanako in the Toilet: Scary Stories of Your School" (1993). Several artists then adapted this into the "Here Comes Hanako" manga; most of them also wrote the anime version, which was aired as a segment of the TV series "Ponkikki Kids." Episodes, introduced by Hanako, included "The Haunted Cinema" and "The Cursed Promise Ring." 
A sea otter and his friends, a raccoon and squirrel, live and play together in the forest.
Gulliver, a boy born with the ability to use magic was forced against his will to attend a magician school to improve his abilities to protect his city. He manages to escape just to find out that his home town was destroyed by the evil Judau's army. Judau personally kills his father and oaths to kill Gulliver as well. Meanwhile Gulliver and his friend Eddison rescue a girl named Misty who is running away from Judau. Along with a fairy named Phoebe, a lone wolf ninja named Gecko and an ancient ship; Gulliver and his friends set out on an adventure to defeat Judau and to discover the secrets of Atlantis. (Source: ANN)
Rocky Rackat (Pokonyan) is a funny little creature that's a bit of a cross between a cat and a raccoon. There are rumors that he may be a lunar cat, however this is not a documented fact, he may be a bit looney at times, yet his origin remains a mystery. Rocky is quite innocent and unaware of the value of his special powers. He has the ability to turn children's fantasies into realities. The sky is the limit in the adventures he can create! Our story begins when Amy (Miki), a spirited young girl, joins her family on a camping trip. To her surprise, Amy discovers Rocky in her backpack among her camping gear. Rocky thinks Amy is his sister and he follows her everywhere. Amy is active and curious, yet she has a tendency to become frustrated and fed-up with the world around her. With Rocky's arrival, Amy's world changes drastically. Rocky uses his powers to turn Amy's dreams into real life adventures. Although Rocky's efforts are well intended, his efforts are not always successful. Occasionally these adventures "short-circuit" and become near disasters! Through "thick and thin" Rocky and Amy become quite a pair and develop a long lasting friendship, experiencing a wide assortment of fun-filled escapades. [Source: Enoki Films USA]
Based on Western tales from the usual suspects: 1001 Nights, C. Perrault, Beaumont, J. & W. Grimm, H. C. Andersen, C. Collodi, English fairytale, H. Pyle, L. Carrol, J. Swift, A. Dumas, E. T. A Hoffman, L. F. Baum, and J. Spyri. Only 21 stories were broadcast, with the last five being released on VHS.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live.
(No synopsis yet.)
Comedy about a character who shoots arrows that cause pairs of people to fall madly in love and float about in an ecstasy of emotion. (Source: AniDB)
The series depicts Puutarou's peculiar encounters with his bizarre neighbors.
As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB)
An old 1950s NHK radio drama featuring the three titular monkey brothers, this anime updates the story for the '90s audience of the original broadcasters' new satellite channel. The brothers try some crow soup, start a fire on the mountain, and race the king of the Pig People--like kids do. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
(No synopsis yet.)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A bizzare exploration claymation anime about a pig with some live-action bits incorporated.
An NHK toddler's anime following animals and their adventures.
Super OVA 1: Based on a story from vol. 27 of the manga, Shampoo and Ukyo arrange to travel to a cave that is legendary for breaking up couples. They hope they will cause Ranma and Akane to break-up and Shampoo hopes to ditch Mousse the same way. Super OVA 2: "Jaaku no Oni" (lit. "The Wicked Demon") was released in 1995. Based on a story from vol. 29 of the manga, an Oni (that wears a tiger-striped diaper just like the Oni of Urusei Yatsura) escapes it`s sealed box and begins to possess people in the neighborhood. Super OVA 3: This is a story from vol. 31. Ranma disturbs a doll that takes revenge on anyone that shows it disrespect. In order to teach Ranma a lesson, the doll possesses Akane and tries on many occasions to attack him.  (Source: AniDB)
Mizuki is a male fashion model with a nice apartment. Kazuomi just had his girlfriend kick him out. Kazuomi sets out to find someone new to live with and sees Mizuki on the street. Kazuomi thinks Mizuki is cute and asks to stay with him in exchange for great sex. Mizuki thinks he is joking until they are at his apartment later that night and Kazuomi makes good on his promise.  (Source: ANN)
Yakumo has trained and searched for 4 years, following Pai's mysterious dissapearance. However, when he finally finds her, not all is well as her memory seems to be gone. They attempt to return her memory by going to the Holy Land, birthplace of the immortal race of Sanjiyans. 
Sasami's always been kind of neat... but now she's been imbibed with a healthy dose of magic (which she plans to use to right the things wrong with the Earth, and, of course, help keep her brother Tenchi out of trouble). Naturally, there's going to be trouble: this time, it's the mysterious Pixy Misa... and Ryoko going at it against Ayeka (as usual) isn't making things any easier for her! (Source: AnimeNfo)
Mixed marriages are a tricky thing, so when the human Kenji and Milfa, an elf, get married, the course of true love does not run smoothly... especially when it turns out that there’s a certain difference in plumbing that makes it almost impossible for them to consummate their marriage.  (Source: ANN)
This was a collection of the opening and ending OAV themes performed by DoCo, the musical group made up of Ranma ½ cast members. Also included is an interview with the cast during their recording of the "Tunnel of Lost Love" OAV. The interviewed voice actors included: Kappei Yamaguchi, Megumi Hayashibara, Noriko Hidaka, Keniichi Ogata, Minami Takeyama, Kikuko Inoue, Ryunosuke Obayashi, Hiromi Tsuru, Rei Sakuma, Toshikiko Seki, Miyoko Asou, Koichi Yamadera, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Saeko Shimazu, and Shigeru Chiba. (Source: furinkan.com/ranma/anime/specials.html)
Yuna Kagurazaka won the interstellar Galaxy Fraulein contest to become the Guardian of the Light. After defeating several threats to galactic peace (As seen in the PC Engine games), old enemies have framed Yuna for attacking and demolishing her hometown. Yuna's friends now must attempt to rescue her from her pending execution, with comedic results.  (Source: ANN)
Mew and Mica are alien androids sent by their boss to defend the Earth. Unfortunately for our planet, they are the laziest superheroines you will ever meet. Now most superheroes would drop whatever they're doing, transform, and proceed to kick monsters' butts... but these two would do no such thing. Mew and Mica just can't let their duties interfere with their ice cream, arguments, or whatever activities they happen to be engaged in at the time. When they are not Hyper Dolls they seem to be just ordinary, rather cute school girls, lusted after by the boys. (Source: ANN)
Episodes 1-2: ("SM Snake", "Miracle Alien") Using his computer, a frustrated 19-year-old computer nerd accidentally summons a sexy android named Doreimon from the 22nd century! Using her futuristic powers, she'll try to help him score with the woman of his dreams by "compensating" him for his shortcomings! Episode 3: ("Skydiving in Love") Koban and Sameo have a very strange arrangement. Koban gets Sameo's leftovers, but he also pays for Sameo's dates! One day, Koban rescues a pretty girl named Shiori from an attacker in the park. Koban immediately falls for Shiori, but is too shy to say anything. Sameo then proceeds to set up Koban and Shiori... on a skydiving date! Episode 4: ("New Century Queen") Mai Inoue desperately wants to become a showbiz personality, and she's ready to do just about anything to make her dream come true. Mai decides to join the upcoming beauty pagent "New Century Queen", where claiming the title may be her ticket to fame. To improve her chances, Mai decides to get acquainted with the handsome producer Akagi. But Akagi has plans of his own... Episode 5: ("The Vampire Tradition") Beautiful co-eds are disappearing from St. Stoker University. Witnesses report seeing shadowy, bat-winged creatures in the night. The Student President suspects... vampires! When her friends are kidnapped, Kanna—a 19-year-old transfer student from Europe—must reveal her true identity! (Source: AniDB)
Mimu Emilton is a cute fourteen-year-old who has come to the annual Starland Festival to become an idol, just like her role model, Yuri. It is the most celebrated event on a united Earth, and Yuri, now the President of Earth, has encouraged people to join the ranks of Excellent Idols. Unfortunately for Mimu, she can never seem to make it to her audition on time, as misadventure after misadventure lands her in situations (usually involving undergarment exposure, I might add) that she escapes with the help of the current Excellent Idols, whom she befriends. Just as she makes her place on the stage and begins her audition, though, an unknown group of aliens kidnaps her and the Excellent Idols. It is only the beginning of a wild interdimensional goose-chase that places Mimu in the position to save the world, if only she can believe in herself. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Despite the title, this is not a feature but the three-part OAV Battle Skipper (1995), which Takashi Watanabe directed before going on to Slayers.  When the members of the Etiquette Club at St. Ignacio's School for Girls go down the tubes--literally--they acquire the skimpy outfits they wear to pilot the unfortunately named BSs or Battle Skippers, state-of-the-art military mecha. As "Extars," the Etiquette Club members fight to eliminate evil from the world, which means the bizarre schemes of Sayaka, the nasty, super-rich president of the rival Debutante Club, and her flunky, Todo.  The series was created to promote a line of robot toys from Tomy, and viewers who are willing to accept high school girls' quarrels escalating into battles involving satellite weaponry may enjoy these silly adventures. (Source: AniDB)
Yuko is trying to escape from an abusive ex-boyfriend, Taki. After a horrible incident, Yuko seeks out Ayano, her best friend and lover. Ayano invites Yuko to join her in the shower, where she uses her tongue to comfort both Yuko's mind and luscious body... Ayano is starting a new research project, and as part of her project, she possesses and ancient scroll, a mummified body part, and a dagger. Yuko offers to help her with her research by doing a biological analysis on the mummified part. Several days later, Yuko endures another traumatic encounter with Taki. After forcing himself on Yuko, he commits an unimaginable act, leading to the resurrection of the Lust-demon!!! This time, the demon will not be easily subdued... a story filled with horror and mystery, you'll be sure to enjoy this visual feast filled with red-hot sex and nightmarish imagery... (Source: AniDB)
This animated film is comprised of five themes chosen from Tezuka Osamu's collection of essays "Essay in Idleness of Insects" in which he had compiled studies on insects. Although this collection contains mainly academic studies, it also includes records of insect observation that lead to literary conclusions with mysterious or mythical imagery. The five essays are done in different animation techniques, and each episode is followed by a scene with the boy Tezuka Osamu and a swallow-tailed butterfly called "Oomurasaki." The film depicts the boy Tezuka Osamu desperately chasing Oomurasaki with his butterfly net, together with what he saw in his dreams. This work was screened at the show "Tezuka Osamu: Images of the Past and Future".  (Source: tezukaosamu.net)
Three 10-minute videos present a trippy view into the minds of their creators. Brought together by Pierre Taki of Denki Groove, Mechano: Scientific Attack Force features three shorts done in very different styles. The three short films are: "Plastic Gun Man" - a 3D Western spoof "World Meccano Triangle" - a music video reminiscent of '90s era screensavers "Haiirogaoka no Soridaijin" (translated as "Prime Minister of Gray Hill") - an anime-style animated video parody of Akira Mochizuki's famous 1977 manga, Yuuhi ga Oka no Souri Daijin
A direct sequel that was put straight to video. The Ear of Jinsuke, about a wandering swordsman saving a damsel in distress from evil spirits. Prints from the Fall of the Bakufu, features a tomboy from a woodcut works charged with making a print of the young warrior Okita Soji. (Source: Anime Encyclopedia) 
Shizuku Tsukishima is a free-spirited and cheerful 14-year-old girl who is currently enjoying her summer vacation. She loves spending her free time at the local library where she notices that the books she reads are often checked out by a boy named Seiji Amasawa. One day while riding the local train, Shizuku notices a strange cat sitting near her. Why would an ordinary cat ride a train? Curiosity may have killed the cat, but it can also seriously harm a young girl. Shizuku decides to follow the mysterious cat to see where it goes, and soon stumbles upon an antique shop run by a violin maker named Nishi, the grandfather of the mystery boy who shares her taste in literature. Seiji and Shizuku soon become friends and while Seiji is sure of his dreams and how to follow them, Shizuku is still unsure of her own talents. However, when she sees a strange cat statuette, "The Baron," in the shop, it seems as if that statuette whispers something to her, tugging at her heart and giving her the inspiration she so desperately needed. One voice pushes Shizuku further than she could have ever imagined, changing her life forever.
The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the dragon balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster.  (Source: ANN)
In this prequel movie to the Slayers televison series, Lina Inverse travels to Mipross Island with her rival/traveling companion Naga the Serpent. While they originally came for the hot springs, they soon find them selves mixed up in a conspiracy involving a mazoku named Joyrock. Years ago, he killed all of the elves that inhabited the island and absorbed their power. They are soon joined by an old mage named Rowdy Gabriev, who was in love with one of the elves slaughtered and also wants to defeat Joyrock.  (Source: ANN)
Ichiro Mizusawa, a player from Rukawa's old junior high school, Tomigoaka, is diagnosed with a crippling leg condition and wants to play one last game with Rukawa. Hanamichi sets out to help the boy and fulfill his wish.  (Source: ANN)
While investigating a sound anomaly across the galaxy, Basara crash-lands on a snowy planet and receives an unfriendly welcome from the local residents. On the planet, he befriends Pedro, a four-year-old boy who watches the Galaxy Network and idolizes Fire Bomber. Basara also discovers that the sound he's searching for is generated by Emilia, a lone Meltrandi struggling to make music of her own. (Source: ANN)
Amsterdam, June 12, 1942. Anne celebrates her 13th birthday and begins her diary, which she calls "Kitty". Hiding for two years from the German threat, the young girl writes about her idealistic views on the world, her ambitions, her fears and her first love, Peter.
Ashram, desperate to find a home for his people, is tricked into selling his soul. 300 years later, Pirotesse's devotion to her king remains unshaken. In the sacred world of Crystania, amidst a civil war waged by shape-changing warriors, she searches for her beloved Ashram. She meets Redon, a young prince obsessed with avenging his murdered parents. Together, they confront Ashram's captor -- the bloodthirsty Barbas, who aspires to rule Crystania as "The God's King". (Source: ANN)
How much humiliation can four people and a penguin take? Hard boiled Aito? Sexy bombshell Rihoko? Choji the red brief? Shining Fuusuke? Cutesy Hooter Hiroyuki? Oh, gimme a break! Who do these guys think they are? The Ninku? Unfortunately for the real Aito, Choji, Rihoko, and Fuusuke, they do. But little did these imposters know when they stumbled on this sleepy little desert town, that there’d be a price to pay for being treated like the real Ninku, namely, having to fight the deadly Heaven & Earth brothers! Fortunately for our phony friends, the real Aito, Choji, and Fuusuke step in, there’s nothing but trouble for the bad guys. Can the Ninku art of magic fighting beat the Heaven & Earth brothers deadly fighting style? (Source: AniDB)
Gang terror and chaos reign in the land of Chungwon. The Camelia Blossoms are the most powerful of the warring gangs and they use this time of unrest to wrestle control of the country from the ailing peoples government, while also producing counterfeit gold coins to cripple the struggling economy. The only hope of freedom lies with the enigmatic Red Hawk. (Source: ANN)
Based on the real life events. Biography animation depicting the football careers of Kazuyoshi Miura and his elder brother Yasutoshi.
An animated short movie about Anpanman an his friends preparing for celebrating a birthday.
An anime starring Katta-kun, a real-life pelican who inhabited the Tokiwa Park in Ube. In this movie, Katta-kun befriends Shu, a little boy whose parents went off to the Middle East because of their work. When war breaks out, Shu and Katta-kun travel to the Middle East to save Shu's parents and end the war. Due to it's hilariously ridiculousness this movie achived cult status in Japan. (Source: AniDB)
The science lessons are short "omake" bonus features originally present on the first two volumes. Each short lasts around two minutes, and stars super deformed versions of Noriko, Kazumi and the Coach explaining the various scientific aspects of the series.  (Source: Wikipedia) 
Picture drama. Second part of the last episode of Ryo-Ohki 2.
Lupin's on the trail of a decades-lost treasure—the collected booty of World-War-II-era thief Harimao—worth billions of dollars. But as he plans to con retired British spy Sir Archer into giving up the location of the stash, Archer himself gets into the hunt. Lupin now has to team up with his former mark to outwit a more sinister opponent who wants the treasure for himself. And of course, Zenigata's on the scent and gunning for the gang once again. (Source: ANN)
Concurrent with an ADV game by HuneX/NEC-HE, the title is a pun about its detective and idol protagonist. It was released on issues 1 to 3 of NEC's Anime Freak FX, a CD-ROM magazine resembling a game for the PC-FX platform. The hacker Idol King is targeting idols, exposing awkward scenes of their private lives. Now, the next is the popular May Star... (Source: AniDB)
Pikora is a newborn baby dinosaur. But here mother is nowhere to be found. She sets off into the woods to find her.
