Count D, a quite interesting pet shop owner from an area called Chinatown, sells rare and hard to come by pets to people longing for something special, but with each sale comes a contract. If the rules of the contract are followed, everything goes fine, but if someone should break the rules of the contract, the pet shop cannot be held responsible for anything unfortunate that might happen. Leon Orcot, a homicide detective, has linked many odd and unexplainable deaths together; they all were customers of Count D's pet shop, and he intends to find out why.  (Source: ANN)
A normal looking high school girl on the outside, Kusakabe Maron is actually the reincarnation of Jeanne d' Arc. With the help of the angel, Fin Fish, Maron works as the thief Jeanne at night to seal the demons that reside in pieces of artwork, preying upon the weak hearts of the owners. She is branded as a thief due to the fact that the artworks disappear after she seals the demons. One day, a new neighbor and classmate appears, as well as a rival in her night job, the thief Sinbad. With her own best friend being the detective's daughter, out to capture her and the appearance of her new rival, Maron's work is anything but easy.
In the distant future, humanity is under attack by the Abh Empire, a race of advanced humanoid beings possessing vastly superior technology. As countless worlds fall to the Abh, mankind establishes the Four Nations Alliance—a resistance faction made up of the United Mankind, the Republic of Greater Alcont, the Federation of Hania, and the People's Sovereign of Union Planets. Seikai no Monshou tells the story of Jinto Linn. When he was young, his father—the president of Martine—sold their world in exchange for a high position in the empire. Now a young count, Jinto must learn the ways of Abh nobility and live among those who subjugated his people. Helping him is Lafiel Abriel, an austere Abh princess whom Jinto quickly befriends. While traveling to Jinto's new school in the Abh homeland, their ship is caught in a violent space battle between the fleets of the Alliance and the Abh. Jinto and Abriel are thrust into the conflict, unaware that this skirmish marks the beginning of a full-scale war between the Abh Empire and mankind. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Harukaze Doremi considers herself to be the unluckiest girl in the world. Her parents are always fighting, her little sister makes fun of her, and her crush pines after another girl. If only Doremi could just wave a magic wand, she would have a much better life—or so she used to think. After a mishap with a real witch, Doremi becomes an apprentice witch herself, and it turns out she's pretty horrible at that, too. Now she and her two friends must study to become better at magic so they can become good witches. That is, if they can focus on their magic studies! The three apprentices will need all the luck they can get if they want to pass the witch exams and become full-fledged witches. Only then will Doremi's debt to the witch Majorika be repaid. Until then, Doremi will remain a useless little witch girl! 
16-year old Keisuke Saji loves to fantasize about young beautiful women. He hopes to land the object of his affection, Koizumi Akira. However, Koizumi hates Saji (as well as all men) to the point of assault. While most guys take Koizumi's cold shoulder as a hint, Saji pursues head-on without having rejection faze him. (Source: Wikipedia)
In a world where the dead walk, where good and evil exist as palpable forces, a darkness is stirring. The undead march against the cities of light, to capture the sacred fire that is the source of their power. But one hope remains. Called into this world by the magical flame, a young girl named Himiko is thrust into the maelstrom of danger, betrayal, and war. For she is heir to the sacred fire, and holds a power that could save its Guardians... if she survives! (Source: Central Park Media)
Beast Wars Neo was a television series that aired in Japan in 1999, in support of the toyline of the same name. It directly follows Beast Wars II. The show follows the adventures of a crew of Maximals, commanded by Big Convoy, as they compete with Magmatron's evil Predacons to collect the Angolmois energy capsules, scattered at the end of Beast Wars II. 
A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009.
Mito isn't just another space pirate, she's a three foot tall childlike alien with enough guts to outshine a supernova. She's known as the galaxy's most dangerous pirate, a wanted criminal who destroys a dozen police space cruisers every day before breakfast. But all she really wants is to be called "Mom." (Source: ANN)
Based on the Hudson Soft game.
Tamago Tosaka is a fifth-grader who loves nothing more than a B-Daman battle. One day, Ganma Nishibe, a talented bead-warrior, is transferred to Tamago's school. Their B-Daman battles set the stage for this story. Beginning as rivals, the two come together to prepare for the B-Daman championships. The two boys come to trust and help one another as they work toward their shared goal. (Source: d-rights)
3 kids meet 5 micro-sized superheroes from another world who enlist in their aid in fighting off alien invaders.
Tales of sex and sadomasochism, based on the manga in Young Sunday by Masahiko Kikuni, creator of Kizu darake no Tenshi-tachi (Heartbroken Angels). With a TV share of 9.1% in the graveyard slot, it was broadcast daily as part of the Wonderful anthology program. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Cho Hatsumei Boy Kanipan is a continued story from Hatsumei Boy Kanipan. Kanipan is now a teenager, and still a famous inventor. But one day, a mysterious ship fell from the sky and crashed at a beach. Inside was a female humanoid that has forgotten all about herself. It is up to Kanipan to revive the humanoid's memory, and he accidentally discover that his planet is in great danger as he strived. (Source: ANN)
It is the year 2035, a world filled with advanced science and technology, sophisticated computer systems, audio/video multimedia converstions,world government unification, network wars by hackers, and the future world controlled by one huge multinational company. A 14-year old named Kang Maru, a boy with excellent manuevering skills in a RESTOL simulation game, was chosen by GEONOID, a company with the task of protecting the earth against natural calamities, to pilot RESTOL 03, one of the 5 RESTOLs, to rescue people in different calamities. Now, he and his teammates faces different challenges in their duty, including being hacked their space-based rescue station R-SAT.
Stop-motion animation using a hamster puppet. The anime usually has Sam singing, sometimes strumming his guitar, or dancing. Note: It is unrelated to Hamster S.A.M. the US children's book series.
In the year 2071, humanity has colonized several of the planets and moons of the solar system leaving the now uninhabitable surface of planet Earth behind. The Inter Solar System Police attempts to keep peace in the galaxy, aided in part by outlaw bounty hunters, referred to as "Cowboys." The ragtag team aboard the spaceship Bebop are two such individuals.  Mellow and carefree Spike Spiegel is balanced by his boisterous, pragmatic partner Jet Black as the pair makes a living chasing bounties and collecting rewards. Thrown off course by the addition of new members that they meet in their travels—Ein, a genetically engineered, highly intelligent Welsh Corgi; femme fatale Faye Valentine, an enigmatic trickster with memory loss; and the strange computer whiz kid Edward Wong—the crew embarks on thrilling adventures that unravel each member's dark and mysterious past little by little. Well-balanced with high density action and light-hearted comedy, Cowboy Bebop is a space Western classic and an homage to the smooth and improvised music it is named after. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sakura Kinomoto is your garden-variety ten-year-old fourth grader, until one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book containing a set of cards. Unfortunately, she has little time to divine what the cards mean because she accidentally stirs up a magical gust of wind and unintentionally scatters the cards all over the world. Suddenly awakened from the book, the Beast of the Seal, Keroberos (nicknamed Kero-chan), tells Sakura that she has released the mystical Clow Cards created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. The Cards are no ordinary playthings. Each of them possesses incredible powers, and because they like acting independently, Clow sealed all the Cards within a book. Now that the Cards are set free, they pose a grave danger upon the world, and it is up to Sakura to prevent the Cards from causing a catastrophe! Appointing Sakura the title of "the Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Keroberos tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero-chan's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles of a young girl involving love, family, and school, all while she takes flight on her magical adventures as Sakura the Cardcaptor. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Miyazawa Yukino is the perfect student. Kind, intelligent, pretty and modest, it's unbelievable that such a person could exist. Little did everyone know Yukino's perfection was just a facade. An act to fulfill her desire for praise and admiration. Her life took a turn however, as a newcomer to their school Arima Soichiro topped the exam rankings. Arima is more than just intelligent, he's also kind, handsome and modest, an unbelievable person who can actually exist. Even worse luck, Arima found out Yukino's secret, blackmailing her to help him out. Their odd relationship soon develops into friendship and eventually into love. But can their love prevail through the many problems that come their way?
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azali. Unable to control the sword's power, Azali was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azali found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azali and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azali to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself Orphen, leaving the Tower and his magical studies behind to wander the world...  (Source: ANN) 
After a mysterious eathquake levels Tokyo, Genom becomes a powerful influence providing their artificial organic lifeforms called Boomers to rebuild and act as a labor class to humanity. However, some of them ocasionally run amok, and even the specially created AD Police are at a loss to stop them. Lina Yamazaki travels to Tokyo for employment but also hopes to join a vigilante force called the Knight Sabers, who pilot powered suits to destroy these rogue Boomers. (Source: ANN)
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A large collection consisting of the adventures of the Goddesses featured in the anime and manga series Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat. 
Hajime Kindaichi's unorganized appearance and lax nature may give the impression of an average high school student, but a book should never be judged by its cover. Hajime is the grandson of the man who was once Japan's greatest detective, and he is also a remarkable sleuth himself. With the help of his best friend, Miyuki Nanase, and the peculiar inspector Isamu Kenmochi, Hajime travels to remote islands, ominous towns, abysmal seas, and other hostile environments. His life's mission is to uncover the truth behind some of the most cunning, grueling, and disturbing mysteries the world has ever faced. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The flames of war explode in the Middle East as two shadow forces unleash monstrous new weapons of mass destruction! But in a world in which giant robots are real, the most dangerous weapon of all lies buried within a human mind. Yuushirou, the fourth son of the mysterious and powerful Gouwa family, finds himself at the center of events that will change the future of mankind forever! Nothing can prepare the human race for what is about to be unleashed in Gasaraki! (Source: Sunrise)
Taichi Keaton is a half-British half-Japanese archeologist and SAS veteran of the Falklands War. He solves mysteries and investigates insurance fraud for Lloyd's around the world. (Source: ANN)
Fudo Jun is a beautiful supermodel who is idolized by many. She also has a dark secret that not even she knows about at first, for within her veins run the genes that hold the next step in the evolution of mankind. The same blood as the beastlike superhumans that terrorize the city. Unlike the rest of them, though, Jun has managed to hold a tenuous grip onto her humanity, and she is recruited by the mysterious Asuka Ran, member of a secret organization within the government, aimed at controlling, if not eliminating, these berserk destroyers of mankind. Jun, as Devilman Lady, must now exterminate her own kind, but how much longer can she keep her sanity in a situation she never chose in the first place? (Source: ANN)
In Penguin Village, humans live alongside talking animals and objects. Senbei Norimaki is one of these humans, and he's an inventor with the lofty dream of creating the world's best robot girl.  The product of his efforts is Arale, but depending on your definition of perfect, she's anything but! Not only is Arale severely nearsighted, but she also has no common sense! At least she has super-strength, though that often proves to be a setback as well.  Although she means well, Arale only causes trouble for her neighbors in the whimsical Penguin Village!
Taking place mere months after the Saber Marionette J OVA series, this newest installment in the Saber Marionette line follows the continuing adventures of Otaru and his clan of selfless, obsessive marionette girls. This time, the evil Faust is back, and again toying with Marionette technology that was never meant to be explored. The Saber Dolls are back, and torn between their newfound love for Otaru and their undying loyalty to Faust; Will Otaru, Lime, Cherry and Bloodberry be able to stop Faust again, or are they all headed for the scrap heap? (Source: AniDB)
An ancient God called Ranga awakens on an isolated island in the South Pacific where it has been slumbering forgotten by mankind. Three sisters living in Tokyo—Minami, Ushio, and Yuuhi Shimabara—discover they have inherited this Island Kingdom, along with the huge God. When Ranga shows up in Tokyo, it soon becomes a source of wonder and conflict for the three sisters that control Ranga, the people who want to destroy it, and ones who want to use it.  (Source: ANN)
Ryoutsu, being an underpaid policeman, is always coming up with underhanded schemes in order to make a quick buck. But in the end, his plans (which are ridiculous to begin with) always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the chief.
It is the 25th century. The dark lord has 'infected' history with time-devices that could damage history beyond repair. Flint and his father lived in the prehistorics when they got turned into fossiles. They are discovered and Flint ges turned back to his original state. With the help of his father, a boy Tony and a girl Sara he has to travel trough time to bring the time-devices back to the land of time so history will be saved. (Source: ANN)
Tasuke Shichiri is the envy of his friends because since his parents are always traveling he can do as he pleases. It's a surprise present from his father that keeps him from being lonely: an odd ring known as the shitenrin. From it comes a moon goddess named Shaorin, dedicated to protecting her "master" -- no matter how much of a mess she makes doing it!
In the aftermath of a great and terrible war, Haruka finds herself the last surviving human on Earth. Though humanity may have been wiped out, she is not entirely alone. Advanced robots have survived the apocalypse, and Haruka lives with five who care for her: Spike, a boyish android who is very attached to her; Trigger, hot-tempered with a penchant for firearms; Cleric, the intelligent problem solver; Reeves, whose thoughtfulness overshadows his intimidating appearance; and Angela, a sword wielding recluse with an aversion towards humans. Residing in a high-rise building at the center of the city, Haruka lives a relatively peaceful life with her mechanical family. However, her life is far from a stable one. Not only is a lack of resources a concern, but violent, remnant robots from the war roam free, ready to destroy whomever they meet. Kurogane Communication follows Haruka as she tries to survive in an apocalyptic world while facing many dangers that will challenge her daily life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Her name is Esumi Fuuka. Standing tall at 163 cm with a slender bodyline, she must be a university undergraduate; however, in reality, she is only an elementary school student. With a body figure of an adult and the mentality of a small child, she creates many misunderstandings around her.
The scene is Steam City, a London-ish city which represents an entire civilization run by coal and steam power. Because of steam, the city is sometimes covered in a mist. Villains take advantage of the steamy mist to hide and execute their evil plans. Only a few dare venture into what's beyond the steamy mist. They are known as the Steam Detectives: Narutaki (and his convertible all-purpose pistol), his nurse-assistant Lingling, and his Megamaton robot Gohliki.  (Source: ANN)
Shunichi Domoto is a talented, sportive 5th grade boy who is used to help sport teams in his school. He enters a Yoyo duel against a bully boy called Benkei to help his friend, Beso, to get back his Yoyo which was stolen by the bully. He beat him, but after that, he meets the exceptionally gifted Yoyoer, Seito Hojoin, who beat him while he ridiculed the Yoyo game. So, Shunichi enters Japan's Yoyo championship to get his revenge from his loss with Seito. Throughout this Championship, he learns new Yoyoing Skills and meets powerful rivals. (Source: ANN)
Licca is in grave danger once she finds out that she is the princess of the Doll Kingdom. Now, the evil Dr. Scarecrow is after her and her throne. So Licca's grandmother gives her a set of dolls. When needed, the dolls will transform into larger versions known as the Doll Knights. Together, they will protect Licca. (Source: AnimeNfo)
A courageous young man tries to find the only person who can save his planet from the most terrifying beast in the universe—the great white whale Moby Dick—in this futuristic anime adventure set in 4699. But locating the outlaw Captain Ahab and his illusory crew of whale hunters and persuading them to put an end to the leviathan's long reign of terror won't be easy. Will Ahab take up the challenge one more time? 
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Prince Pietro is the half-human, half-dragon prince of the kingdom of Popolocrois. After the evil GamiGami tries (unsuccessfuly, as ever) to take over the Kingdom, a mysterious girl named Hyuu appears in the forest near Popolocrois Castle, which is the beginning of an adventure for Pietro, his witch friend Narcia, and all their friends. Set following the events of the first Popolocrois game.
In a small town, there is a small pharmacy called Fun Fun Parmacy. Popuri, a girl who recently moved in downtown, discovers this pharmacy and meets Miss Fukiko, who is actually a witch. Miss Fukiko gives Popuri a mysterious bottle that can create magic spirits.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Haruka Nishikikoji is an overweight doctor that never seems to attract any girls. Fate finds a way as he lands a job as a doctor in an elementary school, wherein his workplace can be found on top of the schools' roof and the actual clinic looks like a medieval castle. Just when everything seems to go downhill, a surprise came one day, her first love Koizumi Miyuki, applies as her soon to be nurse.
In the Kagami household, the old Western palm-sized mirror has been passed from from generations to generations. Akko-chan has been taught about the importance of the mirror and when she finally receives it from her mother, she cherishes it with all her might. One day, in the midst of a disturbance made by Taishou and his gang, Akko-chan accidentally broke the mirror. She made a grave and buried the broken pieces in the backyard. That night, Akko-chan was awakened by a flash of light and a kind voice which belongs to the Queen of the Mirror Kingdom. The Queen expresses her gratitude to Akko-chan for valuing the mirror so much and offers her a gift—a magical compact mirror. Whenever Akko-chan sings the magical words, she will transform into anything she wants. (Source: ANN)
Chou Tokkyuu Hikarian is about a series of bullet trains that are turned into robots. The robots, along with two humans named Tetsuyuki Shinbashi and Minayo Kanda, have to stop an alien invasion. (Source: Wikipedia)
An elite soldier, whose nickname is God of Death, is transferred to another unit known as the PaPaRa Army. The PaPaRa Army is infamous for its elite but hilariously crazy members. There is no plot to speak of other than humour, hilarious brutality, and general nonsense. This is also Matsuzawa-sensei's debut work.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live.
The only thing that concerns Coji Coji is enjoying life and the wonders of nature. Coji Coji’s friends, on the other hand, are a varied bunch of colorful characters whose many idiosyncrasies have a tendency to create turmoil among one another. Coji Coji’s carefree ways and tendency to shirk responsibility are sometimes a source of frustration, but his childlike wisdom has a way of resolving all of their differences. (Source: AniDB)
In order to protect the earth from the aliens, the god of Takoyaki created the five warriors of justice, Takoyaki Mantle Man. They risk their lives for justice. Takoyaki Mantle Man has round face, and wear a white cape and octopus belt as their symbol. Red is a leader whose special attack is Pickled Ginger Clash. Green is an energetic and hasty boy whose special attack is Green Onion Nunchaku. Pink is a precocious girl whose special attack is Okaka Flash. Blue is a sweet crybaby whose special attack is Seaweed Buster. Yellow is a cheerful boy whose special attack is Tenkasu Beam. Takoyaki Mantle Man is cute and strong heroic characters, friendly to children. Their enemies are too silly to hate. It is a very lively and amusing story. (Source: ANN)
A foolish clumsy angel came to the human world to help a very unlucky boy. But more accidents are then created...
A children's series about the daily lives of funny insects.  (Source: AniDB) 
As a punishment for causing havoc in Heaven, Sonogong is locked in a huge iron mass for 500 years until Samjang Bupsa, an old priest embarking on a mission to rid the world of evil and spread peace throughout the land, rescues him. Sonogong becomes Samjang's disciple. He meets Saojung who enviously eyes Sonogong's amazing Superboard, and a brute swine oil seller Jopalgye. After several twists and turns, they join on Samjang's journey. Wherever they go, they meet overwhelming enemies and get into trouble. But they don't get frustrated and find ingenious way to defeat monsters. (Source: AniDB)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
Based on the manga by Sasaki Takemaru.
A slice of life anime about a bunch of animals living in Paniponi village.
An NHK toddler's anime following a Spoon Princess and other kitchen themed characters.
Tick & Tack are very good friends who get caught up in mysterious events that let them make friends along the way.
Claymation series about a family of "housnails" (portmanteau of house and snail) focusing on Jam, the elementary school aged housnail.
A man and a woman, talking over their relationship.
When mankind's savagery surpasses his fear of death, there is little hope for those who wish to live honest lives. Beneath a full moon, a young boy witnesses the murder of the bandits who had enslaved him, and is then christened with a new name by the man who rescued him. This boy is Shinta, now known as Kenshin Himura, and he is destined to become a swordsman. The softness of his heart does not befit the occupation, but his desire to protect the innocent is absolute. Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Tsuioku-hen details the origins of the man who would bear the name of Hitokiri Battousai long before he swore his oath not to kill and before he earned his reputation as an assassin. The young man’s heart is divided between justice and corruption, while the fate of a nation rests on his actions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war.  (Source: ANN)
Captain Herlock is drawn into a saga of intergalactic proportions when the son of a deceased comrade unwittingly forges the Ring of the Niebelung. Evil forces gather to wage war against the last remaining superpowers of the galaxy led by a demented outcast. Herlock must counter the amassed armadas that threaten the last gods and recover the ring before Paradise is lost.  (Source: ANN)
In the girls dormitory of Shukusei Music Academy are the famous daughters of good families. In the middle of the night, the girl's screams echo in the silent academy. Kaori is tied up and at that moment she becomes baptized into disgrace. There is a man whose name is Kato Shusaku who looks down at her with a fiendish grin as she cries in misery...  (Source: ANN)
Kato, Shimura, Arai, Nakamoto, and Takagi are friends at an all-boys boarding school. After they get tricked by their school government president, the five must put on a performance of the play "Little Women." (Source: ANN)
Rumor's spreading of a hot new couple on campus! A professor is giving the sexy swim star some very special lessons. And this teacher's pet is hot to trot and learning all kinds of new tricks! 
A young servant, Sanshiro, who has fallen in love with his master's daughter, Momoyo, tortures himself with lustful thoughts as he spies on the buxom young woman from a hole in her ceiling. Full of despair on the day her fiancée returns from abroad to take her away, Sanshiro watches in amazement as Momoyo and her fiancée engage in some depraved S&M activities with each other and various members of the house. As time passes, Sanshiro becomes convinced that these bizarre rituals are designed to summon some sort of demon, and he takes it upon himself to stop Momoyo's fiancée from destroying the woman he loves. (Source: ANN)
From the creator of Urotsukidoji: Legend of the Overfiend, La Blue Girl, and Demon Beast Invasion! A monster is out for blood, and only the man-demon Koji can hunt down the preternatural killer. Aided by a morbid psychic, he follows the grisly trail of victims to a lonely woman. What unspeakable horrors will he find? And are even Koji`s powers enough to curb this devastating threat? (Source: AniDB)
The inter-office sexual politics begin when Ono, a college graduate and recent recruit, is assigned to the "busiest" section in the company. While Ono's not afraid of a little hard work, he is not about to let it interfere with his sex life. Ono is still confident that he can handle the toughest job and his girlfriend at the same time.  While Rie, his frisky girlfriend from the administration department, remains supportive of his new promotion it`s only a matter of time before jealousy rears its ugly head because Ono's new female manager is Sugiyama whose respected and admired for her management skills along with her voluptuous body.... 
Relationship between a well equipped cyborg and the bounty hunter Mariko O'Brian.
Based on the manga by U-Jin.
Old school is back! And girl power reigns supreme! Ayame, Sumire, Renge, and Satsuki are charged with the protection of the Earth from a powerful new enemy. But these girls may be in for more than they`ve bargained for! They`ll have to not only master the experimental mobile armor: Z-Mind, hold down their part time jobs, all this while keeping their lives... normal! But will this be enough to stop the forces of evil from conquering the Earth? (Source: AniDB)
Animation of a very popular novel series by the writer WAKAGI Mio (若木未生), also adapted as a manga by MORI Makoto (杜 真琴), serialised in LaLa. The novels feature illusatrations by KOUGA Yun (高河 ゆん), and the character designs for the anime are based on these. The OVA is an original story that includes the early parts of the novels. Long ago... going back several centuries, there was a war between the Kuu no mono (空の者) and the You no mono (妖の者) that divided the heaven and earth. 900 years ago, the commander of the Kuu no mono, Kara-ou sealed in the commander of You no mono, Kuna-hi, sacrificing his own life to do so. And this present day, when You no mono has begun to be active again, Kara-ou is reborn as Shinobu Saiga. Coming back to earth, he has begun to make his move again to subdue the You no mono with his aide Kiba. Ryosuke Sakiya is a first year student attending Kouryo High School who has extraordinarily strong psychic powers. He was always hearing and seeing things ordinary people could not. He has a special aura around him and perhaps because of it, he ends up being targeted by the You no mono. One day, when he is on a date at the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, he is attacked by a strange power and is saved by the Jutsusha (術士 lit. "skilled ones") Jukyuro Satomi and Kisara Izumi. Jutsusha are people who have inherited supernatural powers of Kuu no mono to subdue You no mono who harm people. Ryosuke escapes without any injuries, but cannot resist becoming involved in the battles between these two forces. (Source: AniDB)
A compilation of the original OVA series with 7 minutes of new content at the end. (Source: AniDB)
Based on the original story by Yasumura Ryou.
Based on the classic children's book. An elderly man goes to the mountains to look for charcoal. There he finds 2 bear cubs which show him where there were delicious autumn chestnuts and mushrooms. He then is able to meet up with the cubs' mother--a bear he once rescued from a bear trap a long time ago. He then helps the family out by giving them some fattening cow's milks so that they will survive the impending winter. The moral of the story is that man and animal should live in symbiosis. 
A brother and sister discover the digital world is more than 1s and 0s when a living creature arrives out of the family computer. The adventures of a group of children start with the appearance of a Digital Monster in the real world. (Source: ANN) 
"Blue Eyes White Dragon will bring victory" while "Red Eyes Black Dragon will bring the potential of victory". A shy duelist stumbles upon the legendary Red Eyes Black Dragon, with that card in his possession, he must learn to bring out his confidence to duel. (Source: ANN)
In 2100, the newly built Bayside City serves as Japan's premier international port. The Angel Arms Company is established by a former policewoman named Takako, to help wage war on terrorism with armed security suits. When the mayor is assassinated, the women of Angel Arms end up protecting the evil crime-lord Hassan, in hopes that his information will help bring down a global terror ring. Takako's back is to the wall as a band of criminals plot to kill Hassan, and the organization's leader is revealed to be the former lover of Angel Arms' own Alisa. (Source: ANN)
After bragging about receiving a space trip ticket from his father, Suneo concedes they would have to wait quite a while until they can actually go. So, Nobita and co. turns to Doraemon for it, but they were given a space simulation game to play together instead. Unfortunately an accident with another gadget occurred, leaving Suneo and Giant trapped inside the game, only to be picked up by someone from outer space. Nobita, Shizuka and Doraemon then pursued the UFO that has the game inside it which took them all to a real space adventure.  (Source: ANN) 
Nobita and Doraemon travel into the future to see whether or not Nobita will marry Shizuka. Once they arrive, they find out that instead of travelling to the day of the wedding, they travelled to the day before the wedding. Afterwards, the pair follow the future Nobita and his friends as they try to return a lost cat to its owner. (Source: ANN)
Arale and company arrive at a nice location for a picnic. They soon discover a beautiful stone with strange powers. Before they know it, a dangerous pirate and his mysterious ship invades their peace and steals the stone. Now it is up to them to retrieve the stone before it is used by evil hands. (Source: BakaBT)
(No synopsis yet.)
Gestalt was shot over the course of a year in a Tokyo dormitory. Each day, Ishida would paint on the wall and photograph it using the available light from the window. The 7-minute long film, which is accompanied by haunting organ music composed by J.S. Bach, consists of those several seconds of film Ishida shot daily. (Source: Midnight Eye)
Kitarou and the ghost train.
(No synopsis yet.)
GOSHO collection reveals the origin of the smash hit "Detective Conan." "GO" into his world, and we will "SHO" you SEVEN romantic and exciting stories created by GOSHO AOYAMA. WAIT FOR ME (30 min.) A genius inventor, who is still a high school student, has a girlfriend two years older than him. One day, he invents a time machine and attempts to go two years back into the past, to become the same age as her. However, it is she who ultimately uses the machine to travel through time! TEN PLANETS IN THE NIGHT SKY (10 minutes) Meet Baby Conan! Yukiko Kudo is looking for her missing husband. The only clue to find him again is to decipher a mysterious message left for her. Their baby, Shinichi Kudo, one who later becomes the famous high school Detective Conan, will at this age already be offering some important hints for her. THE WANDERING RED BUTTERFLY (7 minutes) A handsome detective, Yusaku Kitakata, receives phone calls from a mysterious woman day after day, with a new case each day. He of course solves them one by one. But the biggest mystery is who is this mysterious woman? PLAY IT AGAIN (30 minutes) Thanks to the mystical powers of a Cherry Blossom Tree, a 70-year-old man with a secret sword technique goes back into the past and becomes the same age as his granddaughter. While enjoying his youth for the second time around, he notices that a player is after his granddaughter. SANTA CLAUS IN SUMMER (30 minutes) Keisuke, a young man of 17, accidentally activates the Earth Destruction System. The destiny of the Earth now depends on whether he can stop the system within 24 hours. However, suddenly amnesia strikes him and he forgets the pin number to stop the system. The time is running out... DETECTIVE GEORGE’S SPECIAL CASE (30 minutes) A girl is fleeing from men in black. She runs into a detective agency and discovers that the detective there is a super-miniature-size, cool dude. He risks his life trying to solve a case for this client. Will they come through in the end? MAKING OF DETECTIVE CONAN (7 minutes) Do you know how to make animation? Everybody wants to see the workings of an animation studio. Based on the concept of Detective Conan, the three sub-characters visit the animation studio of Detective Conan. This episode will surely catch the hearts of Detective Conan fans! (The actual animation is also involved in this special.) (Source: TMS Entertainment, LTD)
Softimage's Michael Arias started the project as a short CG exercise, which then came to the attention of Morimoto, who then agreed to work on the project on the Softimage 3D software. A few months later, Visual Director Wilson Tang and Animation Supervisor Lee Fulton introduced a pilot to the Softimage staff, made entirely on computer with a staff of only 12. The pilot won the Excellence Award at the 3rd Japan Media Arts Festival in the Digital Art Division. (Source: ANN)
Tezuka Osamu planned to make an animated version, but the project was always called off. This work was to make his dream come true at last, but he was unfortunately struck by an illness and died when he was working on the synopsis. This was one of his unfinished works. It was aired during NHK's "Tezuka Osamu, Seikimatsu e no Message" (手塚治虫・世紀末へのメッセージ) program. (Source: AniDB)
A series of short segments featuring all of the Ultramen and their kaiju opponents, depicted in SD style, living together in harmony and enjoying everyday life. Various activities include domino contests, performing magic, daydreaming, and catching ghosts.
Two specials during Bakukyuu Renpatsu! Super Bedaman's airing. The first is a story recap that aired between episode 6 and 7. And the second is a "Best Battle" highlight reel that aired between episode 10 and 11.
