Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the not so distant future, mankind has advanced to a state where complete body transplants from flesh to machine is possible. This allows for great increases in both physical and cybernetic prowess and blurring the lines between the two worlds. However, criminals can also make full use of such technology, leading to new and sometimes, very dangerous crimes. In response to such innovative new methods, the Japanese Government has established Section 9, an independently operating police unit which deals with such highly sensitive crimes. Led by Daisuke Aramaki and Motoko Kusanagi, Section 9 deals with such crimes over the entire social spectrum, usually with success. However, when faced with a new A level hacker nicknamed "The Laughing Man," the team is thrown into a dangerous cat and mouse game, following the hacker's trail as it leaves its mark on Japan. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Born from a cocoon in the village of Old Home, a young Haibane—a being with a halo and small gray wings—awakens to a world she does not understand without memories of her past. Named Rakka for the dream of falling she had while inside the cocoon, she soon becomes accustomed to life in the strange town. However, there are strict rules for the Haibane, such as being forbidden to leave the village or go near the walls surrounding it. These, along with mysterious disappearances of their kind on their "Day of Flight," begin to unsettle Rakka and the others since they know almost nothing about their own kind.  Haibane Renmei tells not only Rakka's story but also of those around her, as they live their lives with no memories of the past while trying to break free from their former pain and ultimately find salvation.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
C.E. 71: In the midst of war between the Naturals (OMNI) and Coordinators (ZAFT), a unit from ZAFT is dispatched to hijack the Earth Alliance's newly developed mobile suits on the neutral colony of Heliopolis. Orb Civilian Coordinator Kira Yamato attends the technical college on Heliopolis. After ZAFT hijacks 4 of the 5 mobile suits, Kira stumbles upon the last one, Strike, forced to pilot it to save his and his friend's lives. During this confusion, Kira also reunites with his childhood Coordinator friend, Athrun Zala, who ironically turns out to be a ZAFT soldier and one of the hijackers at Heliopolis. Having control of Strike, Kira joins the Earth Alliance boarding the ship known as Archangel, to protect his friends while despairing over becoming the enemy of his childhood friend and people.
After participating in the Johto League, Satoshi decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Houen. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old Haruka (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Satoshi also meets up with his old companion, Takeshi, and Haruka's younger brother, Masato. Together, they travel along in Houen, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Houen League. (Source: ANN, edited)
Mido Ban and Amano Ginji are known as the Get Backers, retrievers with a success rate of 100%. Whatever is lost or stolen, they can definitely get it back. Despite their powerful abilities and enthusiastic behavior, Ban and Ginji are terminally broke no matter what they do simply because few people would actually desire to hire them. As a result, the pair of them tend to do dangerous jobs, often leading to unwanted re-encounters with their old (and dangerous) friends.
Ayumu Narumi's older brother Kiyotaka, a renowned detective and piano player, disappears all of a sudden. The only clue Narumi has, are the Blade Children. Two years later a row of murders and incidents begin, relating to the Blade Children. Together with school journalist, Hiyono Yuizaki, Narumi tries to figure out their destiny. (Source: ANN) 
In the distant future, humanity has taken to the skies and colonized many planets throughout the universe. An agency known as the Galactic Organization of Trade and Tariffs (GOTT) has been formed to maintain order. Within GOTT, a secret squad of enhanced human beings—known as the ES Unit—carry out secret missions to put a stop to major galactic crimes. Two such operatives are the lowly C-ranked Éclair and Lumière.  Despite being on the bottom of the totem pole, the pair wield formidable powers: Éclair’s superhuman strength and lipstick whip and Lumière’s ability to take control of any computer. Together, they can take on any mission that GOTT throws at them. But as they complete more and more missions, the duo begin to uncover a major conspiracy that leaves them questioning everything they know about themselves and the entire galaxy.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As the relationship between Mahoro, Suguru and his classmates develops further, another android girl enters their lives and becomes attached to Mahoro. All the while, the number of days before Mahoro is to shut down decreases steadily. (Source: ANN)
Kyosuke Kano has lived under the shadow of his successful brother Seisuke all his life who is a professional soccer player. Tired of being compared and downgraded at, he abandoned playing soccer until a boy from his new highschool discovered him and asked him to join their team. Kyosuke joins it and befriends two other first year players named Rodrigo and Sakai with the dream of becoming professional soccer players themselves. (Source: ANN) 
The world of Duel Masters is one of five great civilizations. Through a card game, duelists can bring these worlds into existence, making what was previously abstract into reality. These skilled duelists are known as Kaijudo masters. Shobu Kirifuda is the best player at his local playground, and seeks to become a world-class master like his father. His first step on the road to conquest begins with winning a local tournament. Rather, it should have, except he is destroyed by the best Kaijudo master in the world, Knight. Shobu loses, but upon remembering the words of wisdom his father instilled into him, decides to continue on the road of becoming a duelist who can enjoy the game for what it is. And so begins his journey to victory－and as we all know, the journey is the most important part!
In the city of Judoh, Claire Leonelli has inherited leadership of the Mafia group "Vampire" following the death of his father. To keep Claire's and other criminal activities in check, the city's Bureau of Urban Safety has Special Services Division operative Daisuke Aurora and the super android codenamed "J" (whose identity is apparently kept in secrecy, as androids are banned in the city). With both of them around, crime now has little room to breathe in Judoh. (Source: ANN)
Petite Princess Yucie follows the adventures of country-girl Yucie as she is admitted by chance to the prestigious Princess Academy, where the daughters of royalty and nobles attend to learn magic, dance, etiquette, defense, art and music.  There, she experiences many things in her quest to collect the "fragments" of the Eternal Tiara in hopes that she may become the legendary Platinum Princess, who is chosen every 1,000 years.  Yucie, along with the four other Princess candidates who are initially her rivals but are won over by her offer of friendship, must grow in heart--if not in height--to become worthy of the Tiara.  Yucie is a spunky heroine who is a genius of smiles, and who, despite her common lifestyle, is actually the daughter of a noble and former hero who has retreated from courtly life and lives in the countryside. (Source: Wikipedia)
The year is now 2041 AD. A new enemy called Zeravire suddenly appears in the solar system, destroying all military installations it comes across. However, a wealthy man named Klein Sandman is already aware of this planned invasion and had been secretly preparing his army for battle. His trump card is Gravion, a giant robot that utilizes gravity as its source of energy. Meanwhile a young man named Eiji secretly enters Sandman's base in search for his missing sister. It is there that he meets another young man by the name of Toga... These two must now fight together with four other individuals aboard the super robot, Gravion to fend off the Zeravire threat. (Source: ANN)
Young Ichiro Hanada lives with his parents and grandfather in a quiet rural town. He is a little brat who constantly teases his sister, insults his mother, fights with everybody, and eats a lot. Ichiro has a near-death experience when he is hit by a truck, and when he wakes up he can see and talk to spirits. The spirits of people who have just died but who cannot pass on yet seek him out. They have some unresolved issue in their lives that is holding them back, and Ichiro must help them out.
Sometime in the distant future, mankind is forced to live in domed cities while the rest of the world is left to recover from years of environmental hardships. In the Siberian Dome-polis, professional gamer Gainer Sanga and mercenary Gain Bijou commandeer an Overman and lead a mass exodus out of the city. (Source: ANN)
Koua is an academy that brings Japanese's most talented people and students together. The mission is to train talented people to bear the world's future leadership. However, recently, the suicide rate in the academy is increasing and there is hardly any information being released to the public.  Fujimiya Aya is sent to infiltrate this school carrying out criminal investigation and disguise himself as a teacher. In fact, actually, there is a connection between Koua academy and the global terrorist activities that are frequently occur. Therefore Persia assigns Hidaka Ken and Kudou Youji as well into this mission to solve the truth and connection of the incident behind Koua academy.  (Source: AniDB) 
Their mission is to locate and retrieve the mysterious Lost Technology, even though these girls have never been known to stick to their mission. Milfeulle, Forte, Ranpha, Mint, and Vanilla are back for another round of hilarity. The Galaxy Angels have sworn to protect the galaxy one planet at a time. Now with some competition with the newly-formed Twin Star Brigade, they continue to find themselves in the center of chaos... though usually they're the ones at fault for its cause. (Source: ANN)
After a long time, Wataru has decided to leave his family home and live on his own. The girls have also decided to split up and most of them are living separately as well. But none of them have forgotten about their brother and still stick together to meet him. (Source: AniDB)
When Miu was young, she was fascinated by the piano and took up lessons. When the show opens, Miu is in middle school. She is shy, a soft-spoken girl who doesn't have a lot of confidence in herself. Her friends would describe her as "sweet" and "quiet." At this point, Miu has been taking piano lessons for some time and while people have told her that she's gotten very good over the years, Miu herself feels she's not really good at anything—including the piano. Her teacher, Mr. Shirakawa, is often frustrated with her playing. Although she plays every note exactly correct, her heart just isn't in it... Meanwhile, Miu's come of the age when she's noticing boys and this shy young lady has noticed the handsome Kazuya Takahashi—even if he hasn't noticed her. This is Miu's story. The story of a young girl who is on a journey to discover the melody within her own heart and the courage to express it. (Source: RightStuf)
Deep Space, many different cultures have come together to live on planet Jet. To keep the peace an organization known as the Jetters is formed. This space police group fight against the villains known as the "Hige hige dan" making sure that the universe is safe. The leader of the Jetters Mighty is a powerful Bomberman, who is looked up to and respected....his brother however is a lazy crude slacker named Shirobon. Suddenly Mighty disappears and Shiro finds himself placed in a new situation. Shiro steps up and become a responsible Bomberman, and with the new friends he made of the Jetters it may become possible for him to be the next "Jetters leader." (Source: ANN)
Four years into the future, the world has lost its balance... 10 thousand metres of vast woodland is gone, preventing humans to live and leaving a desert to spread endlessly. And so, they head into the world of Meshichi, to live together with the Anbots. As if guided by fate, Sanzou and Gokyuu meet. Traveling together, Sanzou - a young man shrouded in mystery, Gokyuu - the strongest and worst Anbot around, Tongoh - an Anbot fond of drinking, Jou - someone who is great with machines, Suuji - a female Anbot thief, and last but not least, Mioto. And so, their journey begins to the boundless East, to the land where the sun was born! (Source: AnimeNfo)
In the near future, technology has made a few leaps and bounds, and videophones and constant wireless internet access are available to everyone. However, it would seen that the government has been careless and a skilled hacker was able to break into the national information archive. Using the data held there he creates the Platonic Chain website for people to discover information about themselves and their friends. Words start to spread quickly that there is a site that enables you to look up anything. Coincidentally, three young girls, Hitomi, Rika, and Kanae, are able to access the site. (Source: ANN)
When the secret occult society, Shiromorishuua, sends a huge monster to attack Tokyo, ASY, a peace-keeping organization in Japan, retaliates with a Gousen (metal faery). ASY's Gousen annihilates the creature after driving it into open ocean. Although successful, a surprise attack follows. A girl, floating in midair and glowing with radiance, strikes with a beam of light. This girl is "Rouran." She knows neither her identity, her origins, nor why whenever she senses the Gousen or Kyoushi (reanimated corpses) she transforms into an avenging angel. As Rouran worries about her mysterious existence, Tetsuya kindly watches over her in Tokyo Arcadia, a settlement of expatriates and dissidents.  (Source: AniDB)
A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei Devil Children: Light & Dark games (known as DemiKids in the U.S.). The year is 200X. Jin, Akira and Lena are three child hood friends who like mysterious things. One day in the library, along with the mysterious transfer student Ami, they find the "Akuma Compendium". They chanted an incantation in the book and, to their surprise, devils appeared. Ami then told Jin and Akira that they are the Devil Children that will decide the fate of the world. She hands them their Devil Risers. The group then pass through the "Door of Time" to the land of Valhalla where they fight an evil ruler known as Imperius who plans on conquering all of the world. The Nakama of Jin is Rand, a Sol Lion, and Akira's is Gale, a Hylon. (Source: Wikipedia.org)
Mars is discovered on a forming volcano island, Heisei; a man with no memory. In reality, Mars is from outer space, and is supposed to gather information to decide whether Earth should be destroyed or not. Along with the giant robot Gaia, and his mysterious images of a woman urging him not to destroy the world, Mars decides to fight for Earth rather than destroy it, even if it means fighting his own kind. But if Mars is killed, Gaia will explode, destroying Earth along with it. (Source: ANN)
Hamazaki Densuke (Hama-chan) is an unavaricious white-collar worker who does not have any interest in success and self-protection. Even though he incurs the wrath of his superior and stir ill feelings from his wife, Hama-chan prefers to take things at his own stride and goes fishing. He feels that there are more important things in life than work and enjoys the simple things in life such as fishing. (Source: ANN)
Pecola is an orphaned penguin who lives with Pecolias, his Grandfather. Cube Town is an isolated small coastal village with such features as an art museum, beach, lighthouse (which has the number 36 above its entrance) and canal. It is located adjacent to Crescent Bay surrounded by the Rookery Mountains coastal range and served by regular ships (including a weekly freighter) that deliver mail, foodstuffs and other supplies plus occasional tourists from a nearby large metropolis named Cubic City. The heights above it lead into Glacier Valley which is snowbound even during summer.  (Source: Wikipedia)
 Second season of Kasumin
This 3D animated series for young children is based on the adventures of perky white kitten Non-tan. With his friends, fun-loving Tanuki, strong Bear, and the pink Rabbit triplets and his rival, Pig, he teaches children positive lessons about the beauty and wonder of life. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Pokemon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokemon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokemon trainer but also a "Pokemon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokemon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric type Pokemon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure! Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokemon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokemon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokemon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokemon Master.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Legend says that the enigmatic Millennium Puzzle will grant one wish to whoever deciphers its ancient secrets. Upon solving it, high school student Yuugi Mutou unleashes "another Yuugi," a peculiar presence contained inside. Now, whenever he is faced with a dilemma, this mysterious alter ego makes an appearance and aids him in his troubles. Wishing to unravel the mystery behind this strange spirit, Yuugi and his companions find themselves competing with several opponents in "Duel Monsters," a challenging card game used by people seeking to steal the Millennium Puzzle in a desperate attempt to harness the great power within. As the questions pile on, it is not long before they figure out that there is more than pride on the line in these duels. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The world of tennis is harsh and highly competitive. Numerous schools from Japan battle it out to determine the best of the best.  Seishin Gakuen Junior High School, more commonly known as Seigaku, is one of the most prominent contestants in this battle of the finest. Their team line-up gets even stronger with the sudden arrival of a young prodigy from the West, Ryouma Echizen, who is determined to prove himself and escape the towering shadow of his legendary father. This fine addition changes the team forever. Prince of Tennis follows the heartwarming and inspirational story of Ryouma on his quest to become one of the best tennis players the country has ever seen. He pushes himself hard so that he can one day surpass his father’s name and his own personal expectations. Alongside the rest of the Seigaku team, Ryouma fights to make his and his teammate's dreams come true.
With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit).
In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru (Japanese for "duck") seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity. Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Youko Nakajima has only ever wanted to be normal. She does what she is asked, gets good grades, is the class president, and even helps her classmates whenever she can—but because of her red hair, she has never fit in. With her pushover attitude, Youko lets classmates take advantage of her, so she has nobody she can really call a friend. But on an otherwise ordinary day, a man who claims to be from another world barges into Youko's classroom and bows before her. This elegant blond-haired man, Keiki, claims that Youko is his master and belongs on the throne of his kingdom. However, their first meeting is cut short as Keiki has been followed by otherworldly beasts called youma. He is able to escape with Youko into his own realm, but two other classmates—Ikuya Asano and Yuka Sugimoto—are caught up in the madness as well. Unfortunately, their troubles have only just begun, as the youma attack leaves them separated from Keiki. Alone in this strange new land, these ordinary students must learn to fend for themselves or die. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
12-year-old Shindou Hikaru is just your average 6th grader. One day, while searching through his grandfather's attic, he comes across an old Go board. Upon touching the Go board, Hikaru is possessed by the spirit of Fujiwara no Sai, and continues to be haunted by him soon after. Sai was once a great Go player, who committed suicide and continued to stay in the world as a spirit desiring only to play Go once again. Finally bending to Sai's pleas, Hikaru allows Sai to play Go through himself, unknowingly attempting the first game with the young prodigy Touya Akira. Time has finally started moving, as Sai's quest for the perfect game, "The Hand of God", is set underway. Based on the manga by Yumi Hotta and Takeshi Obata.
Ichigo Momomiya expected her date with her crush, Masaya Aoyama, to have a more romantic ending than her falling asleep after she sees a vision of a cat entering her body. Things get even stranger when, the next day, she begins displaying cat-like behaviors such as an intense craving for fish. When Masaya is attacked by a monster, she discovers that she is able to transform into the cat-eared magical girl, Mew Ichigo.  After she saves Masaya, two researchers named Ryou Shirogane and Keiichiro Akasaka approach her and reveal they had injected her with Iriomote Cat DNA in order to create a magical girl that can save the world from aliens. Ichigo is tasked with fighting these monsters, but saving the world proves to be just too much for Ichigo to handle by herself. Fortunately, she learns that there are four other girls just like her, and now, Ichigo must find them quickly before the aliens completely take over the planet. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Witches are individuals with special powers like ESP, telekinesis, mind control, etc. Robin, a 15-year-old craft user, arrives from Italy to Japan to work for an organization named STN Japan Division (STN-J) as a replacement for one of STN-J's witch hunters who was recently killed. Unlike other divisions of STN, STN-J tries to capture the witches alive in order to learn why and how they became witches in the first place. (Source: ANN)
Two years ago, Mitsuki Kouyama's friend, Eichi Sakurai, moved to America before she could confess her feelings to him. Though she cannot contact him, they made a promise to fulfill their respective dreams: Mitsuki wants to become a professional singer, and Eichi an astronomer. She hopes that one day her music will reach him across the world with a brilliance like that of the full moon. There is just one catch: Mitsuki suffers from throat cancer, which makes her voice quiet and singing strenuous. Her grandmother, who has a hatred of music, insists that Mitsuki undergo surgery to remove the cancer, but she refuses due to the risk of losing her voice. One day, two shinigami—Meroko Yui and Takuto Kira—appear to tell her that she only has one year left to live. This sudden revelation spurs Mitsuki into action, and she decides that with Meroko and Takuto's help, she will become a professional singer in the time she has left. Full Moon wo Sagashite follows the emotional story of Mitsuki and her shinigami friends as they discover what it means to sing—and ultimately, what it means to live. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Paradigm City, a city of amnesia and a place of belonging. It remains populated by forgotten pasts and the ruins of their labors due to a calamity 40 years ago. Shrouded in a fog-like mystery, it is up to people like Roger Smith to shine a light through the mist. Acting as a professional negotiator and suave agent, Roger is a self-tailored ladies man whose only love is for funeral black. However, as he gets deeply involved with his clients, what often starts as a simple negotiation evolves into Roger saving Paradigm from crime and peril. In the process, Roger stumbles even deeper into the untold folds of the city. As a rule, things are hardly ever as they appear. Serving as gray knight in a gray world, Roger is not without allies. By his side are Norman, a loyal and widely skilled butler, and Dorothy, a human-like android with deadpan snark. Together with the relic Big O, a jet-black mecha of gargantuan size and weight, they help Roger serve iron justice to Paradigm's lurking villains as he discovers the truth about 40 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the year 1600, at the fog-covered battlefield of Sekigahara, a fierce battle was waged by two exemplary swordsmen. One was Kyoushirou Mibu, a skilled and noble warrior in possession of the unique powers of the Mibu Clan. The other was the thousand-man slayer, with eyes and hair the color of blood, "Demon Eyes" Kyou. Their legendary clash was cut short when a meteor from the heavens fell down upon that battlefield, leaving both to vanish in its wake. Samurai Deeper Kyou begins four years after that battle, when a gun-wielding bounty hunter by the name of Yuya Shiina hunts down Kyoushirou—now a perverted, traveling medicine-man who has built up a large debt. On her way to claim his bounty, they are attacked by an inhuman monster that seeks to devour Kyoushirou. This encounter awakens "Demon Eyes" Kyou, whose mind has been trapped inside of Kyoushirou's body ever since that fateful battle. Thus begins a grand tale of legendary two swordsmen and the discovery of their secrets.
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
The Bladebreakers have to join forces once again because a mysterious group under the lead of Oozuma has defeated them, but the real enemy is not Oozuma. The real threath is formed by a group of people who use cyber-BitBeasts to capture the original ones from the Bladebreakers. (Source: ANN)
He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends. The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas.. Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time!
In the year of 20XX, a young boy by the name of Netto Hikari receives a very special gift as he enters the 5th grade. His very own customized net navi, Rockman! Despite Rockman's small size and far more responsible personality, the two boys quickly become the best of friends. A net navi is designed to guide his operator from the inside of his or her PErsonal Terminal, or simply PET for short. Children and adults alike enjoy friendly "Net Battles", where they spar their navis against each other to prove their worth.  (Source: Official Site)
Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school. To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Skull, the evil leader of the terrorist organization known as Black Ghost, has nine powerful cyborgs under his control. But Dr. Isaac Gilmore, the Black Ghosts cybernetics scientist, decides to go rogue, helping the cyborgs turn against Skull and his evil organization. Black Ghost wishes to start the next major world war by flooding the market with weapons of mass destruction. It seems the nine brave cyborgs have their work cut out for them, as Black Ghost is determined to bring those nine cyborgs down.
Iwaki Tomonori is an average 15-year-old boy who likes older women. He happens to have a crush on his teacher, but soon thereafter, learns she has become engaged. He heads home brokenhearted, only to find a 12-year-old girl named Rizel at his home, who he learns the Japanese government has married him to against his will. Furthermore, he learns Rizel is no ordinary girl; she is a biochemically engineered human, and her creators (her "papa"s, as they are often referred to) promise to waive multiple bills of Iwaki's parents in exchange to be allowed to stay at their house, and thus Iwaki's life with Rizel begins.
Megumi-chan is a girl with a secret past. She used to be a boy until she met a person she thought was a magic user. This person gave him/her a magical book from which a genie appears to grant one wish when blood is applied to it. Megumi made the wish to be a man in a man's body but the genie has a twist: he grants wishes backwards so he turns Megumi-kun aged 9 to Megumi-chan. Years pass and Megumi enters High School where she immediately beats up the school bully who of course falls in love with her. She is looking for that book again to be able to reverse the spell placed upon her. (Source: ANN)
If there's one word to describe Reiji Ozora, it would be "quitter." He can never find the motivation to finish anything, and loses interest at the drop of a hat. This all changes when his best friend Maiko introduces him to the new game "Dragon Drive." In this virtual reality game, each player is assigned a dragon tailored to match their personality and strength. Reiji hopes for a big, strong, scary beast, but instead, he is stuck with Chibi, a cute, friendly-looking dragon smaller than he is. How disappointing—except it turns out that Chibi is the rarest dragon of them all! Reiji finally discovers something he can remain interested in, and works hard to train both himself and his newfound friend. Soon this training will be put to use to save the world, for there are people who have dark aspirations for Dragon Drive!
A diminutive pink creature orbiting in space called "Kirby" crash lands into Dream Land. Once getting acquainted with the citizens who live there in Cappy Town, he begins to defend the town from the monsters that King Dedede, the self-proclaimed ruler of Cappy Town, orders from the evil Nightmare Enterprises. (Source: ANN) 
Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy.  One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede.  Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same...  (Source: mirmo-zibang) 
Kazamatsuri Shou's dream has always been to become a professional soccer player, but he has one problem: he's not very good at the game. He was accepted to the prestigious Musashi no Mori Junior High, known for its top rate soccer team, but he was never able to rise beyond the rank of third stringer. After transferring to Sakura Jousui Junior High, he can finally play soccer. And, with the support of his new friends and teammates, his strong determination, and lots of hard work, his soccer skills are developing rapidly and setting Shou well on his way to achieving his dream. (Source: ANN)
Kinnikuman II Sei takes place several years after the events of the original Kinnikuman. Mantarou Kinniku is the 59th prince of Planet Kinniku and son of the renowned wrestler, King Suguru. Lazy, immature, and cowardly, Mantarou seems to have little in common with his heroic father.  When a powerful group calling themselves the dMP threatens the Earth, only someone as powerful as Kinnikuman stands a chance against them. Not knowing the current whereabouts of the King, a plan is formed to have his son Mantarou take up the mantle. The idea of fighting super villains does not sit well with Mantarou, who initially runs away from his duty. He flees to Earth where he encounters Meat, his father’s old trainer. Despite Mantarou's shortcomings, Meat sees King Suguru in him, and believes he can set the prince on the right path. Thus begins Mantarou's journey to better himself and save the world.
Hana now becomes a peer of the Ojamajo. When Majotourbillon's spirit revives, the witches now have to break her curse. From the help from Pao-chan, Doremi, Hana, and the other witches are able to defeat the curses.  (Source: ANN)
Ryoutsu, being an underpaid policeman, is always coming up with underhanded schemes in order to make a quick buck. But in the end, his plans (which are ridiculous to begin with) always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the chief.
While sleeping one night, Ryo Utsugi had a nightmare of monsters attacking him. One day he learns a mysterious power to let him hear voices and have visions of girls getting killed, but one night he hears the same voice. (Source: ANN)
Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities. (Source: ANN)
After losing almost all their members the Tobita Crush Gear club is facing extinction. Kouya who dreams of being a Crush Gear Fighting Champion doesn't want to see the club become extinct and will do whatever he can to keep the club running and become a Cush Gear Champion.
Deijiko is the princess of the planet of Di Gi Charat. After reading a book, she is influenced to want to help everyone be happy. She leaves the castle and pretends to be a normal girl. She tries to make everyone happy by taking various jobs around the town and thereby making all sorts of new friends and inevitably, enemies. (Source: ANN)
Mao Onigawara is a happy 8-year-old grade-schooler and the granddaughter of Chief of Staff of Ground Defense Force. Equipped with her cloverleaf-shaped badge which enables her to transform (but gives her no special power whatsoever), Mao and her best friends (granddaughters of Chief of Staff of Air and Marine Defense Force, respectively) will defend Japan against the invasion from "cute aliens," who are way too cute to be dealt with by regular armed forces. (Source: ANN) 
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Akira Akebono, a young boy who is competing in a robot tournament where many of the robots are capable of transforming into animal forms. Akira wants to win the ultimate prize, the Titan Belt, with the help of his group of robots, all of which are capable of forming into the robot Daigunder. Daigunder is the creation of Akira's father, Professor Hajime Akebono. Together with a girl named Haruka, they compete under the name of Team Akira. However, Team Akira faces opposition from not only their competition, but a robot named Ginzan who is under the control of the evil Professor Maelstrom. (Source: ANN)
A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
A French Bulldog is adopted from the Happy Kennel by a girl named Ai and is given the name Alex. She tells him stories and reads to him from a book titled The Adventures of Freddy about dog who leaves home to find the Fortune Tree. However, he is separated from Ai when he mistakenly follows a girl wearing the same clothes as Ai on a bus. Adopting the name Freddy, after the hero in Ai's storybook, Alex begins his quest to return to Ai. But before he can return to his owner, Freddy and his new friends must find the Fortune Tree and save it from dying, otherwise all the humans in the world will lose their good will and no longer care about their pets. (Source: Wikipedia)
Amika is a elementary school student who dreams of becoming an idol. Her grandmother is a harsh yet wealthy woman who lives on a remote island that she owns. When her grandmother passed away, Amika's life begins to appear subtle changes. Not long after the passing of her grandmother, Amika's mother gave birth to a baby girl. Ironically, Amika's little sister looks and behaves exactly like her grandmother. (Source: ANN)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live.
The second season of Chou Tokkyuu Hikarian.
The hit Danga San Kyoudai song was adapted into shorts that aired on NHK during commercial breaks in Okaasan to Issho's timeslot. The cheery series about three dango brothers was meant to give children quick lessons about sharing and humbleness.
The Grand Evil was sealed in a cave behind an energized shield. But now, thousand years have passed and he is about to regain his former power to break away free from the shield. In order to prevent this disaster, the Elders of Fantasia have to take measure to keep the radioactive power in the shield. They send out nymph warriors to find and fetch Ki-fighter cocoons hidden somewhere in the word.  During the mission, the nymphs come across with TaeRang, the Ki-Fighter, our heroic kid. He turns out to be the one who has a power to defeat of the Grand Evil, TaeRang sets on his way to find other weak creatures and their villages that are endangered by the unjust evil power. TeaRang is the one wise and brave kid to set it all to justice.  (Source: ANN)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life.  (Source: AniDB)
A slice of life anime about a bunch of animals living in Paniponi village.
CG anime about Bip and Bap who are a boy detective and a talented frog. They go on wild adventures that usually revolve around a thief.
Tick & Tack are very good friends who get caught up in mysterious events that let them make friends along the way.
Claymation series about a family of "housnails" (portmanteau of house and snail) focusing on Jam, the elementary school aged housnail.
The story follows as Tochi and Milo travel the world in search of new Kimchi Pong to save their homes and uncover the secrets behind these creatures.
Every school has secrets, but few leave a stain that won't wash out. In a certain school, there was once a fun club centered around magic but had turned into murder and a lust for power. Sealed and willfully forgotten, the resulting evil of that day remained chained in the school's basement. Twelve years later, high school student Taki Minase, while inspecting the place where the incident took place, uncloaks the secret plastered in blood—a book of magic called "Black Bible." Trying his luck with its love curses, he soon finds out the magic proves real and easily penetrates the hearts and bodies of his fellow classmates. The resulting intercourse leaves the student body very vocal, and Minase's acts do not go unnoticed. What was at first a simple stroke of curiosity becomes much larger and harder to control. Fully swallowed by the unshackled darkness, everyone he knows becomes a victim, including his childhood friend Kurumi Imari. Torn apart, Minase finally realizes his mistakes and that he must reverse them in time if he ever hopes for him and Imari to come together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kei and Mizuho are having some marital difficulties, and Mizuho's family decides it's high time for a visit.  (Source: ANN)
Hades is planning to take over the world, to achieve that goal, he sends out deceased Gold Saints to take Athena's head. Seiya and the other Bronze Saints come to help but their help isn't appreciated by the remaining Gold Saints that are still alive.  (Source: ANN)
Taking place one year before the Zentraedi arrive on Earth, Macross Zero chronicles the final days of the war between the U.N. Spacy and anti-U.N. factions. After being shot down by the anti-U.N.'s newest fighter plane, ace pilot Shin Kudo finds himself on the remote island of Mayan, where technology is almost non-existent. While Shin stays on the island to heal his wounds, the tranqulity of the island is shattered by a battle that involves the UN's newest fighter - the VF-0.  (Source: ANN)
While playing the newly released MMORPG "The World," Minase Mai and Tomonari Kasumi collapsed in the real world and were sent to the hospital after hearing a mysterious sound. Only Mai had recovered while her friend Kasumi had slipped into a mysterious coma. Mai is later approached by the creator of "The World," Tokuoka Junichiro, who unveils to her that, just like her friend, six other players across the country had also collapsed while playing "The World" and are now in mysterious comas. What exactly is "The World," what is this mysterious sound Mai keeps on hearing, and why are people slipping into comas from this game? Minase, Junichiro and their acquaintances set off to get to the bottom of this problem before any further harm happens. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hanaoka high school is an all girls' school, and the girls were pretty excited when they heard that boys were admitted into their high school. Smart and elegant boys, that's in their fantasy. However, in reality, the boys who were actually admitted are from the countryside and not smart at all, leave alone being elegant. And in fact, two of them are dirty perverts...
In the near-future Japan, global warming has brought the large city Yokohama underwater, and only the hills remain above the ocean surface. What used to be one of the largest cities in Japan now feels like a small town. Basically, the existence of the island country itself has been threatened. However, there is no feeling of desperation, devastation, nor hopelessness. People are enjoying laid-back lives, and they seem to appreciate each other's company, enjoying the quiet and peaceful time together. This is especially so with Alpha, a carefree young woman who runs a cafe, named Cafe Alpha. She enjoys her life immersing herself in the beautiful nature all around her. There is nothing more precious to her than spending quality time with her kind friends. Oh, the fulfillment and the joy she finds in life... it all indicates her to be a compassionate human being, but she is not quite a human. She is actually a type A7M2 robot. One day, upon hearing a radio forecast warning an approaching typhoon, her old friend who lives close by invites her to the gas station he runs, worried that her old cafe may not withstand the typhoon. Indeed, the passing of typhoon leaves Alpha with her cafe severely damaged. That's when she decides to go on a journey to raise money to rebuild her cafe, and also to see the outside world away from her friends and the comfort of a peaceful life. (Source: AniDB)
Carrera is a female demon whose job is to create a wish granting contract with a human being in exchange for their soul. Along with her partners/rivals Mercedes and Rati, they carry out this job for the benefit of the demon world. When Carrera is summoned by the nerdy Ogawa, she finds him to be more interesting than her previous clients and develops a crush. Mercedes tries to get involved with Ogawa also to compete with Carrera. However, the female angels are upset by this disturbance and are willing to purify the demons with their precious "holy water" to save Ogawa's soul. (Source: ANN)
Aiming to become a modeling artist, Itsuki, a childhood friend of Ichitaka who went to America has come back to Japan. Iori who refused the idol path and started to pursue her ambition to become an actress instead. Ichitaka, wandering on his bicycle alone, tries to decide his choice between the two persons. (Source: AnimeNfo) 
Vandread Gekitouhen (Vandread Turbulence), similiar to Vandread Taidouhen, is an OVA summary of Vandread the Second Stage plus several extra scenes (Source: AniDB)
A P.E. teacher, Nikusuke, happened to obtain a brief of "Dark Rhythmic Gymnastics Project". It is a competition where the players compete with others their lewdness. Following the project, Nikusuke looked for the players with Tomomi, a granddaughter of the board chairman. Their first game was Miku. Tomomi deceived innocent Miku, and she invited Miku out at night.
On an archaelogical mission to the end of the known universe, Professor Daiba unwitting unleashes an ancient horror from its confines. Five years later the malevolent alien force sets in motion a plan which reunites the various crewmembers of the Arcadia to sail the stars once more as well as bring Tadashi Daiba to meet Harlock for the first time (again).  (Source: ANN) 
Oomura Takeshi is one unlucky fellow. He has has this case of bad luck ever since he was little. One day, while on his normal runs with bad luck, he meets an Angel named Elle, and he finds out that his father wished the curse of bad luck upon him. Takeshi has the oppurtunity to pass on the curse, but accepts it to save a young girl. For his noble act, Elle becomes human and lives with Takeshi to protect him from the curse, which is something Takeshi isn't particularly happy with. (Source: ANN)
A renowned painter dies of heart disease while being married with Megumi, a woman much younger than he is. His son, Kyosuke, never liked that union and wants Megumi out of the house. Therefore Megumi proposes that Kyosuke can do anything he wants with her daughter Yuna, Kyosuke's stepsister, if he allows them to stay. Naturally, Kyosuke accepts. (Source: AniDB) 
Two boys, Tachibana and Hiiragi were once brutal rivals in the game of basketball. Hiiragi soon transfers into Tachibana's school and basketball team. They begin as team-mates, but with Hiiragi's family pushing him to play on a better team. Tachibana and Hiiragi must now play against each other.  (Source: ANN)
You wouldn't think that a hospital would be the setting for a series of erotic adventures, but when a new crop of nurses' aides reports for duty, they're confronted by an erotic lesson plan that pushes them to the brink of ecstasy... and sanity. 
In the near future, the world as we know it has been spoiled by our negligence. From the stratosphere come five beautiful nymphs in the shape of angels, bearing the fragrance of forbidden fruit. It appears their desire is to bring pleasure to the devastated human race. A young programmer working late spots one of the beautiful girls on his balcony, peeping on a couple across the way. Once she departs he is surprised to find the scent of fruit lingering in the air. He knows he must pursue her, what he is yet to discover is that she's not of this Earth!  (Source: AniDB)
This explicit anime takes place at an unusual school in which sex between students and, above all, with teachers, seems to be the norm rather than the exception. This first volume of the aptly named HOT JUICY TEACHER series focuses on Yuichiro, a formerly good-natured student who has turned twisted since being falsely accused of rape at a previous school. At his new school, he encounters a group of perverted, abusive bullies, some of their victims, and any number of extremely attractive and libidinous young instructors. Excellent character design and quality animation set this apart from the genre's many similar titles.  (Source: AniDB)
Set after the time of Sakura Taisen 4 (game), Kanzaki Sumire, during a training session was noticed that her spirit power (rei-ryoku) has dropped tremendously, below levels required to pilot the Koubu-nishiki. She decides to retire from the Kageki-dan while she still holds the position of "top star" in the dai-teikoku gekijyou.  (Source: ANN)
The written word is a powerful tool… something Mikimoto knows all too well. Talented and devious, Mikimoto has everything it takes to make a top-rated journalist, but what would a journalist be without a good scandal to write about? Developing his own personal underground newspaper, Mikimoto carefully plants the seeds of anger and wanton lust within his male classmates - all aimed towards just one person: the voluptuous Nanase. When his classmates finally go after her to punish her for all of her "sins," Mikimoto silently records every depraved moment. As notoriety of the newspaper spreads, more and more girls are falling prey to the perverse desires of those influenced by it. Even Mikimoto is finding it harder and harder to resist his own dark desires towards one specific full-bosomed beauty, Madoka. Will this master manipulator ultimately fall prey to his own writing talents?  (Source: AniDB)
As the related Kameyama and Ootori families battle to lead Ootori Academy, sinister goings-on complicate their internal struggle. Terrifying sexual assaults are taking place, with the assailant concealing his identity with a foreboding iron mask. Sena is attacked by tentacles and a demon, and then the masked man appears before Mao, who tries to fight him off. When she fails to succeed, Hitomi Kameyama comes to her rescue, but the horror has just begun. (Source: NuTech Digital)
Set four months after the resolution of the game the anime Wind is based on (via Hikari's ending), the entire gang is planning a big Christmas party. However, with the reappearance of Hikari, weird things start to happen in the city of Kazune. How will things turn out? (Source: AniDB)
Date General Hospital is a place unlike any other. The staff is equipped with "special nurses" that aim to meet the needs of any willing and able patient around. This hand selected group of sexual girls are taken under the wing of Dr. Date who upon giving the women his secret stamina drug lets the patients, nurses, and even himself feel pleasure like they have never have before. (Source: ANN)
When Yoji, a college student finds a demonic book, he decides to follow its writings and make a female student - Rie, his sexual slave. However, he's not satisified with only one slave. (Source: AniDB)
Laura tells Hamtaro where he came from yet Laura thinks it is not true, just in time for his birthday, Hamtaro sets out with Boss and Oxnard to visit his mother to see if what Laura said is true, while the other Ham-Hams set up a surprise birthday party for him. (Source: Wikipedia)
Based on a Playstation 2 game by the same title, Varanoir's story takes place in a Magic University called.. well Varanoir. Students in this university are trained here for war preparation against the devil master. The main characters of the story is Myu, a granddaughter of Jii. Jii was a great swordsman in the past and he taught various sword fighting skills to Myu, although he's working as a chimney cleaner right now in Varanoir. Myu then decides to go to Varanoir for training to become a fighter. In Varanoir, Myu meets Ryuto, a talented student. However, Ryuto always sees Myu as her rival. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Four friends at school. Three of them get caught up in having sex with older men. Two of them prostitute themselves to a middle-aged man while the other girl is caught masturbating at her teacher's desk. Do these girls really know what they've getting themselves into?
(No synopsis yet.)
Hal and Bons are a pair of beer drinking slacker dogs. They are joined on their sofa by an anthropomorphic rice cake by the name of Mochi who first interviews them and then decides to give up being an interviewer and move in with them instead. Hal and Bons have mixed feelings about this turn of events - Mochi tastes great but he's rather lacking in social skills and he's starting to smell...  (Source: ANN)
Inuyasha and company have finally destroyed Naraku. And each start to go in their separate ways. Sango going to find her younger brother Kohaku; Miroku back to his old home; Inuyasha, Kagome and Shippou go to gather the rest of the Shikon shards. Unfortunately this peace is not to last. Shortly afterwards the full moon rises, and just keeps rising each night bringing with it the promise of danger. Kagura and Kanna go in search of a mirror, where locked inside is the ruler of the eternal night, Kaguya. To set her free they must gather five items and drop them into the five lakes of Fuji. Setting her free means the worst danger for Inuyasha and the others. Who are forced to face this new threat. (Source: ANN)
It is a time of chaos. Earth is no longer what it used to be. It has been infested with a bug like species called the Blue. 20 years ago Yuji Kaido, who has a mysterious disease, is put into suspended animation until a cure is found. When he wakes up Yuji learns that it’s been more than 20 years since he was put into suspended animation, and the world is now controlled by these creatures. He then decides to join a group of soldiers fighting against the Blue for hope of a better future. (Source: ANN)
It's the year 2010 on the planet of cats, where lies Meguro City, a megalopolis entirely controlled by the super-corporation Catty & Co. The nefarious influence of this corporate empire extends malignantly across the feline galaxy. Tamala, a carefree, one-year-old kitten, decides to flee this cruel reality and boards her spaceship in search of her planet of origin.  (Source: IMDb)
High schoolers Sayaka Takai and Akihiko Kannazuki work together at a restaurant chain "Pia Carrot." Both are interested in each other, but before either could make a move Sayaka was temporarily rotated to the newly established branch at a beach resort. While waitress girls at this new location did their best to confront harassment, make new friends, and attract new customers by attending a beauty contest, Sayaka's feeling for Akihiko never stops and has become stronger and stronger. (Source: ANN)
Lately, Hamtaro has been having a strange dream. In the dream, a beautiful princess hamster tearfully asks for help. Hamtaro can’t forget about her, even when he’s awake. One winter day, Laura talks to Hamtaro. She tells him that everyone in the family is going home to her father’s hometown. When Hamtaro tells his friends about it, Maxwell pulls out a Ham-Ham source book. It’s a book on old hamster history.  According to the book, there is a “homeland” for hamsters called “Hamja Kingdom”. When the Ham-Hams build a sand castle and recite a spell exactly the way it is written in the book, they are whooshed to the Kingdom. When at last the hamsters reach the bustling Hamja Kingdom of hamsters, the popular King Hamja, the Mini-Hams that they’ve met before in Ham-Ham Land, and many jar spirits called the Mo-Hams appear. A parade begins merrily with singing and dancing! But, the bad magic cat “Sabakunya” appears suddenly, riding the giant sheep monster “Mee Mee”, and starts to trample the town. What a disaster!  The Ham-Hams flee underground. The Ham-Hams are told of the state of the Kingdom and find that Sabakunya has snatched the King’s daughter, Princess Shera, and is pressing her into marriage on the Kingdom’s Founding Day. Sabakunya is trying to take over the country. Something clicks in Hamtaro’s mind. Princess Shera is without a doubt the princess who appeared in his dreams! Hamtaro wants very much to run to the castle where Sabakunya is, and so he and the Ham-Hams enter the castle. In the castle, they encounter danger after danger, and Hamtaro, pursued by Sabakunya’s henchmen, is separated from others. 
A pseudo-historical movie that follows a modern day elementary schooler as he's tossed back into time to observe Aterui--a real leader of the Ainu (indigenous Japanese) who fights against the Imperial Court.
An animated film about Paul Rusch, an American missionary who helped build churches, schools, hospitals in Japan and overall helped improve life in rural areas of Japan along with soothing post-WW2 relations between the two countries.
Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex. The shorts feature the antics of the Tachikoma think tanks of Section 9 and usually involve plot points. The average short time is a little over a minute.
Several people are spending their evening in a cafe. Two gossiping girls, two debating men, a bookworm and a boy, who just broke up with his girlfriend. The cafe's waitress starts a chat with him, persuading him to take a look at certain easel, while other customers begin to notice unusual things. (Source: ANN)
This is a short film about 14 minutes long, which was shown for a limited time only at the Ghibli Museum. It tells the story of Mei and her friend the kittenbus (the child of the original catbus from My Neighbor Totoro). Mei is just small enough to ride in the kittenbus, which is only big enough to stir up dust devils, rather than making whole fields of rice sway in its breeze. One night they have an adventure in which they fly into the forest with many other cat-based vehicles, including many buses and trains. There they meet Totoro and many similar spirits, all heading for a gigantic catliner. This liner cruises off into the sky and the kittenbus takes Mei home.  (Source: AniDB)
Special bundled with the DVDs. Please note that this entry doesn't include any of the official AMVs, as those don't contain any new animation.
Mitsuki wakes up late, and must rush to a photo shoot. However, in her hury she forgets to bring Takuto and Meroko along. Now they must catch up to her, before the photo shoot begins, despite everything that gets in their way. (Source: ANN)
Summary of episodes 1 to 12 of Mahoromatic 2.
(No synopsis yet.)
4-minute promo/pilot released with the Deluxe OVA, with a few events from the TV series in a different graphic style.
Nana slacks off from studying by going to the shrine on New Year's day. Panic ensues when Nana discovers that the rest of the Nanas all show up at the same shrine. But things turn to worse when they find out that their New Year's money gets lost in the crowd. It didn't help their cause when they tried an inventive way to make more money.
An alternative episode 11 (or episode 11.5) released on the DVD set of Chikyuu Bouei Kazoku.  The world's first experience simulation game park "Amber Crystal" opened in Chiba Prefecture. Opening day only allows couples inside with a special ticket. Seiko and cameraman Hayakawa, Mamoru and Junko-sensei are there to meet up. While saying "because it is a game, it's okay to do anything", Mamoru guards as a knight figure to raise XP to steadily power up. Meanwhile, Seiko who became a mage, realized that this game park is the invasion of the space monster and goes on to approach the final boss of the game.
In a small provincial town, three children play football but when they hear breaking glass, two of them flee; leaving a little girl to investigate. She finds that she has broken a fish bowl and a small fish is flapping on the ground gasping for its life. What will the girl do to save this poor creature?
DVD-only specials released on the 6th and 7th discs that are sometimes considered episode 24, 25, and 26 as a whole. And episode 22, 23, and 24 chronologically.
The unaired episode 26 of Meiken Lassie.
