Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière is a self-absorbed mage in a world of wands, cloaks, and royalty. Although she studies at Tristain Academy, a prestigious school for magicians, she has a major problem: Louise is unable to cast magic properly, earning her the nickname of "Louise the Zero" from her classmates. When the first year students are required to perform a summoning ritual, Louise's summoning results in a catastrophic explosion! Everyone deems this to be yet another failure, but when the smoke clears, a boy named Saito Hiraga appears. Now Louise's familiar, Saito is treated as a slave, forced to clean her clothes and eat off the ground. But when an unfamiliar brand is found etched on Saito's hand from the summoning ritual, it is believed to be the mark of a powerful familiar named Gandalfr. Wild, adventurous, and explosive, Zero no Tsukaima follows Saito as he comes to terms with his new life and as Louise proves that there is more to her than her nickname suggests. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Twenty-two-year-old college dropout Tatsuhiro Satou has been a hikikomori for almost four years now. In his isolation, he has come to believe in many obscure conspiracy theories, but there is one in particular which he holds unshakable faith in: the theory that the evil conspirator behind his shut-in NEET (Not in Employment, Education or Training) status is the Nihon Hikikomori Kyokai (NHK)—an evil and secret organization dedicated to fostering the spread of hikikomori culture. NHK ni Youkoso! is a psychological dramedy that follows Tatsuhiro as he strives to escape from the NHK's wicked machinations and the disease of self-wrought isolation, while struggling to even just leave his apartment and find a job. His unexpected encounter with the mysterious Misaki Nakahara might signal a reversal of fortune for Tatsuhiro, but with this meeting comes the inevitable cost of having to face his greatest fear—society. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Going into her first year of high school, Nanami Takahashi is filled with the hope of making many new friends. After meeting the shy Yuri Yamamoto, she hears about a popular boy in their class: Yano Motoharu. Yuri cares little for Yano because of his past relationship with her older sister Nana, and at first, Nanami doesn't like his attitude either. However, Nanami soon begins to warm up to Yano and takes a liking to him. The two spend more of their time together and eventually decide to start dating. But their love is not without challenges; Yano has trouble opening up to Nanami, since his first girlfriend, Nana, died in a car accident the year before, and she had been with one of her ex-boyfriends at the time. Finding themselves living in the shadow of Yano's relationship with Nana, Nanami and Yano struggle to keep their relationship afloat amid misunderstandings and heartache with the certainty of their love for each other. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The sequel and final installment to the highly popular series once again delves into the life stories and love lives of Takemoto Yuuta, Mayama Takumi and Morita Shinobu. The story continues where the first season left off, after Takemoto's self-discovery journey around Japan. Of course, the love triangles and tribulations they face will continue, and eventually decide the paths to their future. (Source: ANN)
A race of cannibal monsters called the Shokujinki exists and it is the job of the Kifuuken, an elite group of beast-hunters, to stop them. Toshihiko Momota, an expert swordsman and son of the Kifuuken organization's leader, unexpectedly falls in love at first sight with a beautiful girl named Yuka; however, the couple's relationship is much more complicated than it seems at first glance, for Yuka is a Shokujinki.
18th Century, France. Lia de Beaumont, loyal servant of Versailles and its King, Louis XV, is found dead in the river Seine. Floating inside a coffin, on which the word "Psalms" was written, her body had been poisoned by mercury, thus preserving decay. According to the Church, the soul that belonged to a corpse incapable of being consumed by the soil will forever wander in the human realm, unable to go to Heaven. This greatly affects D'Eon de Beaumont, Lia's brother and one of the king's spies. He vows to discover by whom - and why - she was murdered. But he never expected that the one who conducting the revenge would be Lia, now possessing D'Eon's body! And what will the knight do when this quest might risk France itself? History is retold in this supernatural tale of vengeance, loyalty and betrayal.
Kazuki has been awaiting 10 years for the day when her neighbours moved back to their old house. She has a crush on Yuuji, whom she considers as her first love but to whom she never managed to express her feelings for him before they moved out. Yuuji often comes over to play with Kazuki, Kazuki's older sister Hatsune and Yuuji's sister Marie when they were kids. Her ideal depiction of Yuuji was soon shattered when he turned out more than she had expected, him acting all ecchi during their reunion. With their parents off in South America, both families must learn to live with each other and rekindle the childhood feelings they shared together. Things get even more crazy as they attend the same school. (Source: ANN)
It is said that 70% of the human brain capacity is unused. If humans possess incredible power, it is strongly believed to be lying dormant within this region. This unused 70% brain capacity is known as "Night Head". The famous work 'NIGHT HEAD' is going to break the silence. They were abandoned by their parents because of the psychic power they possessed. They are the Kirihara brothers, who lived in a laboratory within a barrier-protected forest. They have escaped from the laboratory, and a new wave of 'Revolution' is about to arise. A new "Night Head" is about to be awakened.
In the year 2010 AD, Hyper Hurricanes born concurrently all over the world caused severe damage. Five billion people lost their lives, decreasing the world's population to 3 billion. Existing economies and military were wiped out. Countries were frozen under solid ice, plains sank beneath seas, the world was changed dramatically. Human civilization enters a chaotic era. Poverty flourished outside of these economic zones and slums were widespread. The ruling class called themselves Logos and maintained their position by force of arms. They call the poor Revenus, who are exiled to live outside the special economic areas. Time has passed since then. Katsuragi Jo and Tsurasawa Jin, escape from Phantom, a force organized to watch Revenus and to suppress renegade elements of the Logos, taking with them a mysterious girl, Nobuto Sana. There are many who are interested in her, all with their own reasons.
Based on the American cartoon, "The Powerpuff Girls."  Professor Utonium and his son Ken are studying the strange Chemical X. When a mochi cake falls into the formula, it changes into Chemical Z. Ken fires a ray of Chemical Z at a glacier in Tokyo Bay, however that causes strange black and white lights to scatter. The black lights turn its victims into monsters, with emphasis on a black light hitting a zoo monkey and transforming him into Mojo Jojo. The white lights, however, aim at three normal girls, Momoko, Miyako, and Kaoru. This gives them the power to transform into superheroes, the Powerpuff Girls Z! 
Haruma Kawagoe is an only child. A long time ago, at Christmas time, his mother miscarried the child that was to have been his baby sister. That night, young Haruma knelt down and offered up an earnest prayer: "Please make my mother well again, and please give me a little sister." Years have passed, and Haruma has nearly forgotten his prayer. But Santa hasn't.... one Christmas, when Haruma is least expecting it, he gets an unusual present - his sister. (Source: ANN)
Sunao Konoe starts her first day at a new school and is surprised to find that there is no drama club. So, she decides to make one of her own. But between a childhood friend showing up, the crazy student body, and the arrogant student council president blocking her at every turn, it seems that actually creating the club is going to be more difficult than she thought. (Source: ZomgAnime)
Mister is a "coyote" or space faring outlaw who has been sitting in prison for a year for a traffic offense. Ten days from release, he breaks out with the help of his old partners Bishop and Katana. He then seeks out Franka who has been left in his care by her dead father and takes her on a journey to find her father's treasure. On their heels are the federal investigators Angelica and Chelsea as well as the android assassins of the Criminal Guild, Madame Marciano's Twelve Sisters. (Source: ANN)
Nina, thinking it was a lolly, swallows an object called "Crystal Pearl". But the candy turns out to be a test for the magicians. To retrieve the crystal, a special medicine has to be made so now Zero and Ichii, the magicians, have to protect her from others while waiting for the medicine to be completed. (Source: ANN, edited)
The Yamada sisters, Kyou (15) and Asu (9), are students studying in secondary and primary schools respectively. Their mother passed away and their father ran away after incurring gambling debts. Despite the difficult circumstances, both of them decide to overcome the unhappiness and welcome their days with enthusiasm and pride. Fortunately, with the change in the law system several years ago, Kyou is able to study and simultaneously take temporary jobs (such as distributing newspapers and tutoring) to make ends meet. On the other hand, Asu takes charge of household chores, prepares meals, and manages the finances to assist her older sister. Surrounding them are also good and kind neighbors such as the novelist, Saegusa-san, and the aunt at the public bath who watch over them. Although life is difficult and at times painful, the sisters are happy to have each other. (Source: ANN)
Miki Onimaru is a poster girl that works at her mother's Chinese ramen restaurant. She appears to be a normal girl, but she can become very violent if provoked. She picks a fight with her mother and accquaintances as a result on an almost daily basis, causing a series of troubling mishaps in their otherwise normal lives.  (Source: ANN)
Once a year prestigious Rikkyouin High School has a lottery to determine the next year's Student Council membership. On their first day of school Chihiro Enomoto wins the presidency while his childhood friend Tokino Akiyama picks the vice-president's ticket. There is one catch though, they must first pass a one year apprenticeship under the current Student Council and any failure to perform the tasks assigned, however minor, will result in immediate expulsion from the school. (Source: ANN)
A young girl named Ange is summoned to a Sacred Land and is chosen as the Legendary Etoile, whose mission is to save the newly-born Cosmos of the Holy Beast, which has recently fallen under a crisis. With the support of nine Guardians (who have the power of nine elements), she embarks on a journey to save the dying land of the Holy Beast and to discover her true self.  (Source: ANN)
Long, long ago, there existed a world of magic and science. God, afraid of man's potential, split the world in to the world of science, Elde, and the world of magic, Fandavale. One day in Fandavale, a terrible witch named Cendrillon (Cinderella) revives. Cendrillon plots to rule both worlds, and searches for the "key" which holds tremendous power. A young boy from Elde by the name of Sōta meets a mysterious girl from Fandavale, Akazukin, and her talking wolf companion, Val. Sōta learns that he is the key Cendrillon is searching for. Now it is up to Akazukin, Val, and the other Fairy Musketeers to protect Sōta from Cendrillon and her Nightmarelians who wish to obtain the power he mysteriously possesses.
In this exhilarating series paying homage to classic 50s era science fiction, the disappearance of revolutionary G-Reaction engines is but the beginning of the ghastly end for mankind.  While deranged alien forces prepare a fleet of flying saucers to the invasion of all invasions, teenage geniuses Penny Carter and Billy Kimura join forces with a clandestine secret alliance to save humanity from the extra-terrestrial helmet worms and their tentacles of doom!  Avoiding alien attacks and dodging disintegration rays won't be easy, but these courageous kids will have help from above as Ace pilot James and his mentor Cpt. Clayton enter the fray to stave off a threat incomprehensible to mere mortals!  (Source: DVD) 
This anime is the first full-fledged TV anime made with FLASH. The story takes place on a planet Tokinea where human beings and Star Races have been fighting. The story revolves around a girl who was made as "Demon God," an ultimate weapon against human beings, and a boy who is a partner of the girl. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Gyagu Manga Biyori is hyperactive, random, and nonsensical, revolving around various plots and characters throughout the series. It makes absolutely no sense. The 1st episode is about stickers included in snacks (Source: ANN)
Based on Ken Kitashiba & Yasuhiro Watanabe's political intrigue detective manga.  The close relationship between political and business circles doesn't die; politicians and government officers line their pockets taking advantage of their positions. Zaizen Jotaro is an investigator who is allowed to use extralegal methods to crack down these power abusing criminals. (Source: AniDB)
Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House. (Source: ANN)
Enter the Arari Show and meet the host Mr Arari, an over-dynamic showman who really knows how to liven up an audience. Ever wanted to learn more about the culture, language and lifestyle in Korea? Learn some words and phrases? And be amused and entertained at the same time? Come and meet the 3 foreign visitors Michael, Jenny and Lala. See how they cope with being exposed to a culture so very different from their own.
Three monkey brothers from the from an urban city go to live in the countryside. There's no convenience store nor arcades there; truly bare-bones. The story follows their daily lives trying to make friends and have fun amongst the villagers. 
In a world where past and future connect, cute little catgirl Wappi-chan learns the meaning of Japanese culture by interacting with the strange beings and spirits who inhabit Watt Warp Town.  (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Haruhi Fujioka is a bright scholarship candidate with no rank or title to speak of—a rare species at Ouran High School, an elite academy for students of high pedigree. When she opens the door to Music Room #3 hoping to find a quiet place to study, Haruhi unexpectedly stumbles upon the Host Club. Led by the princely Tamaki, the club—whose other members include the "Shadow King" Kyouya, the mischievous Hitachiin twins, and the childlike Haninozuka "Honey" and his strong protector Mori—is where handsome boys with too much time on their hands entertain the girls in the academy. In a frantic attempt to remove herself from the hosts, Haruhi ends up breaking a vase worth eight million yen and is forced into becoming the eccentric group's general errand boy to repay her enormous debt. However, thanks to her convincingly masculine appearance, her naturally genial disposition toward girls, and fascinating commoner status, she is soon promoted to full-time male host and plunged headlong into a glitzy whirlwind of elaborate cosplays, rich food, and exciting shenanigans that only the immensely wealthy Ouran Host Club can pull off. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Keiichi Maebara has just moved to the quiet little village of Hinamizawa in the summer of 1983, and quickly becomes inseparable friends with schoolmates Rena Ryuuguu, Mion Sonozaki, Satoko Houjou, and Rika Furude. However, darkness lurks underneath the seemingly idyllic life they lead.  As the village prepares for its annual festival, Keiichi learns about the local legends surrounding it. To his horror, he discovers that there have been several murders and disappearances in the village in the recent years, and that they all seem to be connected to the festival and the village's patron god, Oyashiro. Keiichi tries to ask his new friends about these incidents, but they are suspiciously silent and refuse to give him the answers he needs. As more and more bizarre events occur, he wonders just what else his friends might be keeping from him, and if he can even trust them at all. When madness and paranoia begin taking root in Keiichi's heart, he will stumble straight into the mysteries at work in Higurashi no Naku Koro ni, a story that is told across multiple arcs. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Within the domed city of Romdo lies one of the last human civilizations on Earth. Thousands of years ago, a global ecological catastrophe doomed the planet; now, life outside these domes is virtually impossible. To expedite mankind's recovery, "AutoReivs," humanoid-like robots, have been created to assist people in their day-to-day lives. However, AutoReivs have begun contracting an enigmatic disease called the "Cogito Virus" which grants them self-awareness. Re-l Mayer, granddaughter of Romdo's ruler, is assigned to investigate this phenomenon alongside her AutoReiv partner Iggy. But what begins as a routine investigation quickly spirals into a conspiracy as Re-l is confronted by humanity's darkest sins. Elsewhere in Romdo, an AutoReiv specialist by the name of Vincent Law must also face his demons when surreal events begin occurring around him. Re-l, Iggy, Vincent, and the child AutoReiv named Pino, will form an unlikely faction as they struggle to uncover Romdo's mysteries and ultimately, discover the true purpose of the mythical beings called "Proxies." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nana Komatsu is a helpless, naïve 20-year-old who easily falls in love and becomes dependent and clingy to those around her. Even though she nurses ambitious dreams of removing herself from her provincial roots and finding her true calling, she ends up traveling to Tokyo with the humble reason of chasing her current boyfriend Shouji Endo. Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is a proud, enigmatic punk rock vocalist from a similarly rural background, who nurtures the desire to become a professional singer. Putting her career with a fairly popular band (and her passionate romance with one of its former members) firmly behind her, she boards the same train to Tokyo as Nana Komatsu. Through a fateful encounter in their journey toward the metropolis, the young women with the same given name are brought together, sparking a chain of events which eventually result in them sharing an apartment. As their friendship deepens, the two attempt to support each other through thick and thin, their deeply intertwined lives filled with romance, music, challenges, and heartbreaks that will ultimately test their seemingly unbreakable bond. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Saya Otonashi is a seemingly ordinary girl living a mundane life with her adoptive family in Okinawa City. In fact, her only peculiarities are suffering from anemia and being unable to remember any of her life beyond the previous year. However, Saya's forgotten past quickly comes back to haunt her—one night, she is attacked at school by a creature that feeds on human blood. Just when all hope seems lost, a mysterious man named Haji appears and fends off the creature temporarily. But when her rescuer forces her to drink his blood, Saya suddenly enters a trance and slays the monster with ease, using her own blood as a catalyst.  Saya then learns of an organization named Red Shield, founded for the sole purpose of defeating the hellish beasts. Now Saya and Haji must work together with Red Shield to fight these fearsome monsters and unlock the secrets to the girl's past. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Air Trecks, also known as AT, are motorized and futuristic inline skates that are the new craze taking the nation by storm. Although each AT comes with a speed limiter, a community of daredevils known as the "Storm Riders" are brave enough to tamper with the device. Utilizing AT's in underground battles, individual teams wager valuable AT parts or team emblems—their symbol of pride—to dominate the streets. Living in this era is Itsuki Minami, a middle school student notorious for engaging in street fights. Always wanting to reach heights no one else is able to, the reckless punk will break through any obstacle that stands in his way, alongside his best friends Kazuma Mikura and Onigiri. However, it is when he discovers a pair of Air Trecks in his house that the path to his true desire finally opens: to rule the skies. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kimihiro Watanuki can see spirits and other assorted supernatural creatures, which is quite a bothersome ability he strongly dislikes. On the way home one day, while plagued by some spirits, he is inexplicably compelled to enter a strange house. There, he encounters Yuuko, a mysterious woman who claims to be able to rid him of the ability to see and attract the troublesome creatures—for a price. She demands that he work at her "store" that grants wishes to people, and thus begins Watanuki's adventures through weird and wonderful events. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An injured man is found in the woods by a girl named Eruruu, and everything about him is mysterious. Without knowledge of his past nor even his own name, he is welcomed to Eruruu's home and is given the name Hakuoro by her grandmother, and younger sister, Aruruu. While the inhabitants of the village have large ears and tails, Hakuoro's defining physical trait is quite different as he has neither ears nor tail, but only a mask that he cannot remove. Soon after he becomes a part of the villagers' lives, a revolution against the tyrannical emperor of the land begins, and the conflict finds its way to his new home. Hakuoro must do whatever he can to save the people and the village that he has come to love, all while uncovering the mysteries that shroud his past. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sena is like any other shy kid starting high school; he's just trying to survive. Constantly bullied, he's accustomed to running away. Surviving high school is about to become a lot more difficult after Hiruma, captain of the school's American football team, witnesses Sena's incredible agility and speed during an escape from some bullies. Hiruma schemes to make Sena the running back of his school team, The Devil Bats, hoping that it will turn around the squad's fortunes from being the laughingstock of Japan's high school leagues, to title contender. To protect his precious star player from rivaling recruiters, he enlists Sena as "team secretary," giving him a visored helmet and the nickname "Eyeshield 21" to hide his identity. The Devilbats will look to make their way to the Christmas Bowl, an annual tournament attended by the best football teams in Japan, with "Eyeshield 21" leading the way. Will they be able to win the Christmas Bowl? Will Sena be able to transform from a timid, undersized freshman to an all-star player? Put on your pads and helmet to find out!
Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners. Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them? Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!. (Source: Otakufreakmk2)
Continuing right where season 1 left off: Harima still likes Tenma but still runs into obstacles everytime he tries to confess his love to her. To complicate the situation, Class 2-D challenges class 2-C once again and there's a rumor floating around that Harima and Yakumo are dating as the school prepares for the cultural festival. (Source: ANN)
After participating in the Johto League, Satoshi decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Houen. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old Haruka (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Satoshi also meets up with his old companion, Takeshi, and Haruka's younger brother, Masato. Together, they travel along in Houen, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Houen League. (Source: ANN, edited)
Aoi Nagisa transfers to one of the three affiliated all-girl Catholic schools on Astraea Hill, St. Miator's Girls' Academy. There, she discovers a community of fellow students entwined in an intricate hierarchy, in which two Etoiles represent the three schools. In order to fit in, Nagisa must go to class, join clubs, and make new friends. Meanwhile, Shizuma Hanazono, the sole Etoile of Astraea Hill, finds herself drawn to this new, exciting transfer student. As Shizuma and Nagisa get to know each other, Shizuma finally decides it is time to face her troubled past.
Syaoran, Sakura, Kurogane, Fai and Mokona's journey through to different world's continue as they search for Sakura's feathers. The fated journey slowly becomes more complicated for our travelers, as they find themselves diving deeper into more dangerous worlds. Takes place immediately after the first season. Based on the manga by CLAMP.
Masane Amaha and her daughter Rihoko are on the run from a government child welfare agency that wants to take Rihoko away from her mother. They are caught and Rihoko is taken away. Meanwhile, Masane is attacked by an advanced weapon that can disguise itself as a human being. When faced with the danger, a strange light emits from her wrist and she transforms into a powerful being. She destroys the weapon and consequently becomes involved in a power struggle between powerful organizations, with her at the center of their attention. Because she holds the greatest power of them all, the legendary Witchblade. (Source: AniDB)
Most people think being born into a noble family means a life of comfort and wealth. That couldn't be further from the truth for Shuurei Kou. Despite the Kou family being an old and important bloodline, they've fallen on hard times. Shuurei's father works as an archivist in the Imperial library, which is a prestigious position, but unfortunately not one that pays much. To put food on the table, Shuurei works odd jobs such as teaching young children or playing live music in a restaurant―and even then, it's barely enough. Then, one day, a court advisor makes Shuurei an offer. If she becomes the concubine of the new, but lazy, emperor and teaches him how to become a good ruler, then she will receive 500 pieces of gold. Never one to turn down good money, Shuurei accepts the proposition. After all, the new emperor only prefers men so her virtue is safe… or so she thinks.  The more time she spends in the palace, the more her old dream of becoming a court official is reignited. There's only one problem: she's a woman and women do not become government officials. Shuurei may be able to turn the emperor into a good ruler, but will it be at the expense of her own aspirations?
After the termination of the incredibly popular virtual reality MMORPG "The World," a new version of the game—The World R:2—is brought online. On his first day in the game, newcomer Haseo thinks he has made some friends to quest with. However, as if mocking his sentiments, they kill his character just for fun. Luckily, he is saved by a mysterious, one-armed player named Ovan who offers to show him around The World.  Alongside Ovan and his cleric friend Shino, Haseo enjoys a wonderful first year in the game. But this peaceful life is shattered when Shino's character is killed by a familiar figure notoriously known as Tri-Edge, whose victims have all fallen into comas in the real world. In a fit of rage, Haseo vows to find the elusive Tri-Edge and kill him. Taking place during Haseo's first year in The World, .hack//Roots explores the friendships Haseo built in the game before Tri-Edge ripped them away. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a dystopian future, two friends dream of freedom... and gain more than they bargain for! Hothead Zed is on the run from the authorities, while his brainy pal Noah struggles with his own battered body. Both find a magical world that seems to offer escape and power undreamed of. Join Zed and his powerful, rebellious spirit Amir Gaul on their search for the ultimate power. It's a force that can save the world—or destroy life as we know it. This is the world of KIBA! Where you must harness the power within and fight with all you got! (Source: RightStuf)
Masaru, a second year Junior High student and undefeated street-fighter, is about to learn the meaning of the word "teamwork." After Agumon escapes DATS, an organization that deals with Digimon, it winds up in a fight with Masaru. Soon Yoshino and Lalamon come to capture Agumon, and the two fighters escape. After an evil Digimon appears, it's up to Masaru and Agumon to defeat it with their DNA Charge. Soon, Masaru must join DATS to put an end to the Digimon coming to Earth. With the help of Yoshino, Ikuto, and Touma, the group must stop any evil Digimon that appear, and return them to the Digital World. But not everything goes as planned...
Kawahira Keita is a descendant of a historic Inukami tamer family; however, because he lacked in its ability, he was forsaken by the family. One day, an Inukami named Youko came. She looked graceful, obedient, above all, beautiful. Soon he contracted with her, and she paid homage to him. However, she was a problematic Inukami that no one had been able to control. This is a slap stick comedy of an Inukami Tamer, Keita and an Inukami, Youko. Keita is a man of worldly passions, and he likes money and girls very much. On the other hand, Youko likes to destroy things and is very jealous. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Akari Mizunashi continues her training to become a Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier) along with her friends Aika and Alice in the peaceful city of Neo Venezia. Despite the fact that these three girls are from competing companies, they are constantly together, learning more about how to become better tour guides and more about the mysteries of Neo Venezia. As the group continues to meet interesting and unforgettable people through their daily routines, they will also come closer to the secrets that make the enigmatic and ever beautiful city of Neo Venezia so warm and alive. Welcome back to Neo Venezia: the city where miracles can be created by hand. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
One year after goddess Belldandy emerged from Keiichi Morisato's mirror and promised to stay with him forever, a new threat to their happiness emerges, one that could end the contract between Belldandy and Keiichi. 
Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro, frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world!
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Samatarou is not just an average high-school boy, the truth is that he is the son of a god, his mother is a goddess and his sisters are candidates to become goddesses. They are living in the human world, because they want their boy to learn about the human customs and the habits of the creatures that they are protecting, so that in this way Samatarou will become a better god. Tenko is a angel assigned to look after Samatarou. She's born the same day, same year as Samatarou and have been close friends ever since. Life seems normal but things start to change with the appearance of a transfer student named Kumiko. Samatarou falls in love with her and from now on, things will be a lot more different for him. His decision of making her fall in love with him without using his powers will put him in trouble.
Dreaming of a magical world every night, the young Toramizu Ginta yearns to be able to go there. With only his friend Koyuki believing in his dreams, Ginta remains positive despite the slander he receives from others over his dreams. But his wishes are answered, as one day a large door appears in front of Ginta, summoning him to the land of MAR Heaven. In this land, the weapons known as ARMS exist. While initially Ginta greatly enjoyed the discovery of this magical world, he soon learns of the terrible wars that have once plagued MAR Heaven and the upcoming war that may soon appear.
Eva's birthday has just passed, and she hasn't heard from her father. Despising the Boarding School she attends, she escapes using her Rocket Bike that she just completed. Taking on the alias "Molly," Eva sneaks with the Earth team to Alwas for the Great Race because the winner of the race gets any one wish granted. Little does the Earth Team know what danger awaits them...
In the peaceful theocracy of Simulicram, everyone is born female. At age 17, each maiden undergoes a special ceremony where she chooses her sex. However, only Pairs of maiden priestesses can synchronize with the ancient flying ships known as Simoun needed to defend Simulicram. These Pairs refrain from undergoing the ceremony as long as they wish to keep piloting their Simoun. Aer is recruited to be a Simoun pilot after a terrifying attack by an enemy nation decimates the squadron known as Chor Tempest. To earn her wings she needs to find her way into the heart of Neviril, Regina of Chor Tempest. But Neviril's heart still belongs to her previous Pair, lost in the battle when she attempted a forbidden Simoun maneuver. (Source: Media Blasters) 
Kurou Daijuuji is a poor detective living in Arkham City. One day, he was requested by Ruri Hado of Hado Financial Group, to search for a magic book. While he initially refused, Ruri offered him a large sum of money upon completion of her request, in which bribed Kuro to accept. As Kurou searches for the book, he unexpectedly runs into Al, a pretty girl that is actually a powerful grimoire.  They forge a contract with each other, bestowing Kuro with powerful magic. Soon afterwards, Al also activates Demonbane, a deus machina owned by the Hado Financial Group, to combat the mechanical menace from the Black Lodge. With this, the war between the Hado Financial Group and the Black Lodge begins....  (Source: ANN)
Kyo, an avid swimmer tries his best to keep the high school swimming club going, which is pretty hard when he's the only member. Facing the prospect of the club being closed by the student council, he tries to enlist beautiful Misaki to act in a promo video, shot by his good friend Ryoko, in a bid to start a recruitment drive. She agrees but only if he pilots a mecha under the wing of Celebrum, a resistance organisation fighting to destroy Deutera Areas formed on Earth by the aliens Gards-orm. He agrees but finds it all strangely familiar as if he's done it before... (Source: ANN)
Kirari Tsukishima, a gluttonous 14-year-old beauty, is a girl who does not care about idols and the entertainment world because her mind is occupied by food. Her obsession with food only causes her to be clueless about love. One day, after saving a turtle that is stranded in a tree, Kirari meets with a handsome and gentle boy named Seiji, who gives her ticket to a SHIPS (a popular idol group) concert to show his gratitude for her saving his pet. Kirari then storms off to the concert and runs into another boy, who tears up her ticket and warns her to stay away from Seiji because she and Seiji live in different worlds. The outraged Kirari then sneaks into the concert, only to discover that Seiji and the boy who tore her ticket, named Hiroto, are actually members of SHIPS. Finally understanding the meaning of "different worlds" (Seiji is a popular idol while she is an average middle school student), Kirari refuses to give up. Filled with determination to be with Seiji, she declares that she will also become an idol. (Source: Wikipedia)
In the distant future, because of an interplanetary war that had continued on for centuries, civilizations were ruined. Human beings have lost everything, and only 1/5th of the population survived. A strange breed of humans, ''The Third'' is said to have appeared just after the war. They possess a third eye, as their name suggests, that appear as oval-shaped red pupils called "space eyes'' over their conventional two eyes. Using them, they can control computer systems and so on, and as such, rule the world by their superior power over technology. In this world, there is a young woman named Honoka; she is a "jack-of-all-trades" sellsword, and she accepts any job except murder. One day, she happens to find and rescue a young man named Ikus in the desert. Entering his world, and accepting a job from him, the adventure begins for Honoka and Ikus. (Source: BestAnime, modified)
Taira Kappeita, or Capeta, was a 4th grader boy. He had lost his mother when he had been very little. Although he pretended to be tough in front of his father, actually he felt lonely. One day, his father brought junk parts home from his workplace and made a racing cart. Soon, they went to a circuit to drive the cart. However, Capeta found that its frame was bent and it could hardly run straight. But, with his technique he managed the cart. Furthermore, he followed soon after the fast cart and he could nearly leave it behind. The driver in the cart was Minamoto Naomi, the champion of the East Japan Junior Cart. Looking at their chase, Naomi's mother, Minamoto Nanako, advised Capeta to take part in the official race. (Source: ANN)
A young Taiwanese assassin codenamed "Glass Heart" committed suicide by jumping off a building, and her heart was pierced by metal fence. Miraculously, her life was saved by heart transplantation. During her recovery she began to experience strange dreams, which lead her to Japan looking for the donor of her heart, who happens to be Kaori Makimura, former partner of City Hunter Ryo Saeba. The author mentioned in the first tankoubon volume that Angel Heart only shares the same characters of City Hunter but not its continuation. The events are all parallel universe, therefore it has nothing to do with City Hunter. (Source: Wikipedia)
The People's Army led by Michel stands against Vetti's newly founded empire. Upon seeing how strong the Glass Battleship is, Michel tries to get Cleo, the captain of the Glass Battleship, to help People's Army overthrow Vetti's empire. And together they fight against Vetti's empire. (Source: ANN)
No direct-relation sequel to original Black Jack. Black Jack attempts to find out the conspiracy, of why he was involved in the bombfield accident that killed his mother, while he uncovers secrets of Organization and Project "Noir", which, his father and other famous doctors were involved in... 
Team Satomi has just been deemed as the winners for the IG-2 lower league and now join the top IG-1 competition. But it's not going to be easy. Young pilots Takeshi, Liz, Amy, and River are going to have to be a team to be number 1, however one thing leads to another with these four. Most important of all, their opponents overwhelm Team Satomi in every aspect, including strategy and skill, as well as funding. One thing is for sure, this is not going to be an easy year for "Team Satomi." 
During the summer festival five years ago, two girls met at a mysterious tree and saw two glowing spheres. Now, these two girls--Saki Hyuuga, ace pitcher on the school softball team; and Mai Mishou, who prefers sketching over stargazing--are chosen by the spirits of flowers (Flappy) and birds (Choppy) to restore the Seven Fountains and save their worlds from Dark Autumn. Together, they are the NEW Pretty Cure. (Source: ANN)
Five girls came to a training school to become voice actresses holding each thought in her mind. Momoko - she wanted to be a voice actress to meet her favorite voice actor. Rinka - she is an armature voice actress, but she didn't have special purpose to become voice actress. Yurika - she likes anime very much. Tsubasa - she was a girl in love, and acted only as a boy. Amane - she found a deadlock as a actress and tried to find another way. They managed to get over the difficulty to become voice actress although they couldn't perform as main characters yet. There is a love romance with a boy works for an anime company, and you can catch a glimpse of situations of anime industries. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
In this Earth, there exists unknown underground world, the Inner World. In the world, there are braves who fight with large spiders, and they are called “Spider Riders”.  According to his grandfather’s diary, a boy, Hunter Steel is traveling around. Meanwhile he happens to enter the Inner World from a pyramid. There, the war between the insect squad that aims at conquest of the Inner World and Spider Riders continues.  Oracle, the fairly of the Inner World, summons Hunter because he thinks Hunter will be the messiah of the world. However, the powers of Oracle are sealed by Mantid who is the rule of the Insecter. For the peace of the Inner World, he has to find four sealed keys of Oracle to retrieve Oracle’s power.  Hunter asks Spider Shadow, which is a big spider chosen by Oracle, to become a member of Spider Riders to fight against enemies.  (Source: AnimeNfo) 
The adventures of a whiny teenage Miyamoto Musashi, his electro-sword and demon-sealing revolvers, and his quest to win the love of the beautiful Kaguyahime. (Source: ANN)
Sho liked MTB very much and he always practiced at the practice field, “X-Zone”, with his friends, Takumi and Makoto. Takumi was a good mechanic and Makoto was a competitive girl rider.  One day, he was challenged by a MTB team, “Shark Tooth”, of Samejima brothers’ betting the X-Zone. For Sho, X-Zone was a memorable place where he had spent days with his dead father, and he couldn’t lose the game.  The day came, and during the race with the leader of Shark Tooth, black smoke suddenly covered around, and they were sent to another world. When he came to, he found Kakeru, Makoto, and his MTB, “Flame Caesar”, were also there.  While they were wondering what had happened, MTB riders came. They challenged Sho to a MTB bout. They said Sho had to collect 10 pieces of emblems by winning MTB bout, “Idaten Battle”.  This is how Sho came down to compete in Idaten Battle at various courses, such as, volcanos, ruins, deserts, snowy montains, and grave yards. Whether will show win the race to come back to his world? 
Beast+ continues from where Beast left off, though it is marketed as a stand-alone series. Episodes are reduced to approximately ten minutes in length, airing in the thirty minute time-slot Oha Coliseum alongside the Saru Getchu anime. Beast+ consists of a string of arcs beginning with the appearance of the Professor and Zero (both from Mega Man Network Transmission).  (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
DICE (DNA Integrated Cybernetic Enterprises) is a large organization established to deal with problems in the Sarbylion galaxy. DICE F-99 is the only unit comprised entirely of children. When a problem arises, DICE is called to the rescue. And when their special training and skills aren`t enough, they rely on their Dinobreakers, which can transform from Vehicle Mode to Dino Mode, to help get the job done! Always on call, always on alert - DICE is ready for action!  (Source: AniDB)
Fine and Rein are sent to the Royal Wonder Academy on the Royal Wonder Planet in order to study to become better princesses. They plan to make many friends, but unfortunately, the competition and cold nature of the students and teachers make things impossible. The twins also become Universal Princesses when touching the legendary Soleil Bell, releasing two angels named Pyupyu and Kyukyu to help aid them. Unfortunately, an evil force manifested in a painting doesn't seem to be satisfied about the Universal Princesses...  (Source: ANN)
A boy, Tsuwabaki Daiya found a black fire in an ocean when he and his father were in a small boat. A big monster came out of the fire, and the father and the crews were disappeared into the sea. When he was about to become the next victim, a large mecka dragon appeared and saved him. 5 years later since then, Daiya becomes a junior high school student. A big monster reappear, and he meets the mecha dragon,"Daiku Maryu". The head of the dragon separates from the body, and it turns into the body of a super robot, Gaiking. He gets in Gaiking, fights against the monster, and beats it. He learns that there is an enemy that plots to conquer the world, and he leaves for another world, Darius, to stop the plot.  (Source: AnimeNfo)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Continuation of Legend of the Condor Hero.
Tottoko Hamutaro Hai! is the sequel to Tottoko Hamutaro, or in English, Hamtaro. The series revolves around the 15 original Ham-Hams in short 5-minute episodes. The Hai! series is animated differently from the original series, most notably, the head-to-body ratio is off, and it is also computer-generated in 3-D.  (Source: Wikipedia)
A continuation of Onegai My Melody.
Mao Lan continues growing into her path in life through what she learns while fighting. Her grandfather thinks that she has grown complacent and decides to train an adversary for her next Prime Mat appearance. Training with her friends and companions Mao Lan slowly advances through life. (Source: AniDB)
Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB)
In a futuristic world, young Marty stumbles upon a bionic arm which endows him with superhuman powers and put him at the centre of a centuries-old struggle between good and evil. His teenager heart will now begin a long-way training together with two loyal friends: Buttons, his robo-puppy, and the brave Ally. (Source: Official website)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Sanshirou's chances of having an adventure are slim to none in his tiny island hometown, until the day a mysterious stranger invites him to play a game... Without warning, Sanshirou is taken to a backwards universe to play BakéGyamon—a game pitting monsters against monsters. Along the way he meets other players who have a particular reason for being there—to obtain the wish that is granted to the winner. But how far can Sanshirou get when the monsters he's been paired with are a bunch of little mud balls?! (Source: VIZ Media)
On the first day her family moved to their new house, 5-year-old Ami-chan made friends with three talking animals who came out of a door in her bedroom floor, which she finds out leads to Animal Yokocho, another world. The three are Issa, an overly innocent, soft-spoken panda, Kenta, a highly strung, red-scarf-loving bear who puts on an almost constant tough-guy act, and Iyo, a rabbit who usually holds her own well-being and enjoyment over the happiness (and safety) of her friends. Even at only 5 years old, Ami-chan is easily the most rational of the group, and she's a little wary at first, but she eventually comes around and starts spending her free time with them. A typical day involves Ami-chan and the three doing different things to pass the time, often playing a seemingly innocent game, but in AniYoko style. Unfortunately for Ami-chan, the AniYoko version usually turns out to be drastically different, much less logical, and usually more dangerous than the ordinary version. (Source: ANN)
A strange monster hatches from a mysterious egg. He befriends various animals, and takes residence in Osajii's burrow. He discovers new and exciting things about everyday life. As of 2008, there are at least 37 regular TV spot episodes of Domo-kun. These 37 episodes were released on DVD in Japan in July of 2009.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Hitto Tamaga, an 11-year-old boy, lives in some town in Japan. He is a very unfortunate boy, whose only asset is brightness. He lives only with his father who is a Bedaman researcher, but he left home several months ago, and he's been missing since then. He is living alone in a hut built on a relative’s land. Nobody celebrates his 11th birthday...except his cousin Nana who lives in the same land. One day, Hitto receives a present from the lost father, and he is very grad to know that his father remembers his birthday. It is “Crash Bedaman” that he longed for. After he puts them together to complete Crash Bedaman, he brings it to Bee Park, or a battle field of Beedaman. A battle there shows him a new way he should go. There is a message from his father with the present. “Overcome the difficulties”. Putting this word in his mind, he beats the enemies one after another with his Bedaman. With the encounter of partners and rivals, the mystery of Bedaman, a shadow organization, and the reason of the missing of his father gradually come to light. Defeating various obstacles in his way, he’s growing up. (Source: AnimeNFO)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
An evil monkey, Specter, has escaped a circus, using a mind-controlling device which allows him to become smarter and have access to controlling the monkeys. Kakeru is called over by a professor in order to capture all the monkeys, including the one's who's controlling them: Specter. (Source: ANN)
Season 1 focuses on the wizard Nelly and the mysterious Najo as Zorori, Ishishi, and Noshishi help them restore the magic forest in a magical country (episodes 1-50). Season 2 focuses on Puppe's search for the Minus Eel (episodes 51-97). (Source: Wikipedia)
The Inuyama Family, along with their pet dog Tetsunoshin moves to the famous Hoppongi Hills (modeled after Roppongi Hills) from Kyushu. Rumi Inuyama's father owns an IT Company in Japan and is a step further to becoming number one. However, Tetsunoshin learned that his master's family loaned a lot of money renting their home in Hoppongi Hills, almost to the point of the whole company becoming Bankrupt. To make things even worse, the whole family spends a lot of money on everything, making Tetsunoshin's problems worse. To solve this problem, Tetsunoshin teamed up with the Hills Dogs and will do anything to pay all the Inuyama Family's expenses. (Source: Wikipedia)
Akubi-chan is a cute magical girl. She is good at magic, she can turn into any form by tapping a tambourine, and she can grant any dream or wishes. Usually, Akubi-chan is in a vase, but when Ruru-chan, the owner of the vase, yarns (akubi), Akubi-chan pops out of the vase. Ruru-chan is in the 1st grade in elementary school, but she is little precocious and loves secretly her classmate Itoshi-kun living next-door. Akubi-chan uses various magic to make them good friends, but she always fails. However, for her best friend Ruru-chan, Akubi-chan gets out of the vase and taps the tambaine to play Cupid. (Source: Animenfo) 
It is the end of the Edo Era, a flourishing period when stylish civilians, samurai and old-fashioned farmers live peacefully together. However, if you take a closer look at their lives, you'll notice that it is actually a parallel world in which modern conveniences, such as cellular phones, personal computers, microwave ovens, motorcycles, subways, and so on, exist. If you enter a night club, you'll find young people dancing to blaring trance music. However, you will also find that they wear kimonos, that the darkness is illuminated by candles, and that the stage is covered by tatami mats! While the people reflect the fashions and manners of the Edo Era, they reside within a strange world where the "present" and the "past" coexist. Welcome to the Yoshimune world that no one has ever seen!  (Source: AnimeNfo)
The citizens of Turkey's Hill model a bizzare American-esque town and engage in non-sequitur behavior. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on a japanese children`s book by Yoshie Kawaura. Shiba-wanko, a Shiba-inu dog, and Miike-nyanko, a calico cat, live together in a classic Japanese-style house with the traditional Japanese alcove called a tokonoma. Shiba-wanko is a very gentle and hardworking soul who does all of the cleaning, laundry and cooking in the house. Miike-nyanko is a different type all together, being rather temperamental and not very good with housework. Together, these two learn the manners and customs associated with events such as the proper Japanese way to treat one`s guests, preparing for a Japanese New Year and how to enjoy the kimono, the traditional Japanese costume. Each chapter covers a specific topic which has to do with living in "Wa" (the Japanese-style spirit of peace and harmony) throughout the changing seasons. (Source: AniDB)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Shimajiro a tiger boy, Mimirin a rabbit girl, Torippii a parrot boy, Ramurin a sheep girl has an adventure in challenge island where they live.
Kitty and Mimmy come upon the Apple Forest thanks to the help of a forest fairy. The fairy kingdom welcomes them as the "Twin Heroines" and ask that they save the princess. The key to the rescue is a golden apple and so the sisters' adventure beings.
This is a story about a country of "Sukima", a tranquil country that is in between the worlds.  Porta, the hero in this story leisurely delivers parcels for everyone in town, riding on Robaroba, his partner.  Will Porta be able to deliver important parcels safely? Zouzou, Kabakaba and variety of other characters are expected to be in the story.  This is the first original animation of Ryoji Arai, the winner of Astrid Lindgren Award.
200 years ago, Zenmai Zamurai was a thief by profession. While stealing from a house one night, he fell down a well and died. He was then resurrected by Daifukunokami and a wind-up key was placed on his head. If the key wound down, Zennosuke would die. The only way the key can be wound is by Zennosuke doing good deeds. In order to achieve this end, he is given the Dango-ken, which is a sword with Japanese Dumplings skewered onto it. Whenever Zenmai Zamurai sees people doing injustice or generally being out of control, he uses his sword to shoot the dumplings into their mouths. When the dumplings are eaten, the people suddenly become happy and realize the error of their ways. He helps out the people of his village in many ways, big and small. Whenever he has done well, a rainbow comes out of the sky to wind up his key. -Wikipedia
Himeno Mimika is a daughter of historical cook family. She goes to a cooking school, Miracle Academy which train cooks all over the world. Vying with rivals, she brings out her gift, and she grows up as a cook.  (Source: AnimeNfo)
Some sort of educationnal anime for children. A bit of humoristic.
In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN)
Rascal is an energetic racoon, who lives in a secret forest called "The Snag Forest". Although sometimes his mother scolds him when he does mischief, the engaging and kind personality of Rascal always makes him popular in the forest. This series depicts everyday adventures of Rascal, and his cheerful friends such as Rilulu, a cute girl racoon, Rock'n, a skunk who loves to play music, Iggy, a mouse who always eats nuts and a lot more!! (Source: AniDB)
Kotencotenco is a gag strip anime for young children featuring the flourishes of the Prince of the country of the Paradice, Kotenco. Kotenco guards the “Angel Star” for the Queen in the Paradice. Kotenco is a very good child, but when the bad spirits rise, Kotenco transforms into Matenco. Unlike Kotenco, Matenco is a very naughty child and troubles everyone. But don't worry! By changing the angel ring, Matenco goes back to being Kotenco. Will Kotenco be able to guard the “Angel Star” from the ruler and the Devil of the Country of the Ground, who is aiming for the Paradice? 
Someone is out to conquer Lulu forest and it's up to the Nalong and his friends to to figure out who and stop them! When Nalong's girlfriend Ukkya is taken by force and Longman is zapped by a laser beam resulting in an unfavorable transformation--Nalong has more on his plate than he can handle! 
A series of minute-long animated shorts that aired on Japanese public television. Aimed at toddlers and young children, the comedic series is mostly about toilet training.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life.  (Source: AniDB)
A simple slice of life kids claymation about Chii-chan and her bearded uncle and their neighborhood animals friends.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
Tick & Tack are very good friends who get caught up in mysterious events that let them make friends along the way.
Talpy is an odd creature than can transform into anything be it a bicycle or cowboy or a tailor. Every episode shows Talpy transforming into a few items/people based on the scenario he's in. 
TEAM NACS (also known as Team Canucks) are a surreal comedy troupe from Hokkaido who star in this short series.  (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)
In C.E. 73, tensions between Naturals and Coordinators continue to persist, eventually leading to another war between the Earth Alliance and PLANT. Sven Cal Bayan is a Natural pilot of the elite EA squad, the Phantom Pain, and carries out his squad's various anti-Coordinator missions without fail. Selene McGriff is a Coordinator researcher at the neutral Deep Space Survey and Development Organization (DSSD) and a developer of the GSX-401FW Stargazer space exploration mobile suit. Though their backgrounds are completely different, the expanding war will nevertheless force their paths to collide. (Source: ANN)
Kozue is a girl who loves astronomy, particularly the stars. One night, on an excursion to witness a meteorite, she meets Ginga, a boy who is able to help scientists discover more information about the stars through a mysterious ability of his. However, he is forced to stay in a protective suit in order to carry out his mission. Because of this, Kozue decides to convince Ginga to make his own decisions & to take off the suit using his own will.  (Source: ANN)
A spin-off show from Kimi ga Nozomu Eien. It's about the daily adventures of Ayu and Mayu, the two waitresses from Sky Temple.  (Source: AniDB)
An independent production by Takashi Taniguchi.
There exist creatures of darkness and evil that plague the night, devouring any human unfortunate enough to be caught in their grasp. On the other side is Hellsing, an organization dedicated to destroying these supernatural forces that threaten the very existence of humanity. At its head is Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, who commands a powerful military and spends her life fighting the undead. Integra's vast army, however, pales in comparison with her ultimate weapon: the vampire Alucard, who works against his own kind as an exterminator for Hellsing. With his new vampire servant, Seras Victoria, at his side, Alucard must battle not only monsters, but all those who stand to oppose Hellsing, be they in the guise of good or evil. In a battle for mankind's survival, Hellsing Ultimate proves that appearances are not all they may seem, and sometimes the greatest weapon can come in the form of one's worst nightmare. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Upbeat and effeminate Pico is working at his grandfather's coffee shop, Café Bebe, for the summer. Tamotsu is a white-collar worker looking for an escape from the mundanity of his everyday life. When they meet at the café, sparks of love and lust quickly draw the two together. Conventional notions of age, gender, and sexuality are broken down as the pair seeks carnal gratification in one another's company. But do the pleasures of flesh equate to a connection between hearts? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sweat Punch is a series of five Studio 4°C shorts collected as a direct-to-DVD package film entitled Deep Imagination.
Enma is a character created by the genius manga artist Go Nagai. Now, the popular character makes his appearance in an alluring Japanese horror anime for adults. It's a hair-raising erotic suspense in which Enma takes on complicated and gruesome incidents caused by demons who lurk in the darkness. But humans have lit up the darkness of the night with neon lights and turned their world into one that never sleeps, so demons now lurk in the "darkness of the human heart." Unfulfilled hearts, suppressed hearts, despair,...such darkness of the heart is the place they lurk. Enma is the Demon Prince of the Underworld, a demon "Born of Fire." His mission is to take back or destroy demons that have escaped to the human world from the Underworld. Along with his partner, Princess Yukihime, "Born of Ice," and the monster, Kapaeru, Enma sets up "Enma's Detective Agency." Tonight, like any other night, they will roam the sleepless city. Horrific incidents that could not possibly be human acts occur one after another. The stench of evil lingers at the scene... Enma's fire rips through the darkness! (Source: Bandai Entertainment)
Asa & Natsume are both in love with Hajime Saisho. Instead of fighting over him, they both promised to share him equally. However, both girls have to leave him by the end of the summer. As the summer days go by, they each spend their precious time with Hajime, while the day of their fated departure draws near.  (Source: ANN)
Since the early death of his parents, Takami Akitoshi has lived alone with his beautiful elder sister, Hitomi, while concealing his dirty desires for her. One day, a mysterious girl named Mina enters his room. She introduces herself as Death and explains that she came to take his soul because he had reached the end of his lifespan. Hearing his screams, Hitomi runs in and, after the situation is explained to her, asks Mina to spare him. Mina, moved by her earnestness, tells them that if Takami fathers a child within a week, she will let him live another 10 years. Hearing her condition, he turns his face to Hitomi… (Source: AnimeNfo)
In the near future, Earth is at war with aliens called Worms. The war leaves the population of Earth decimated, with young men the main casualties. The Worms were beaten back but their re-emergence heralds the creation of a mecha unit called the Sonic Divers, piloted by 3 young girls to counter this threat. (Source: ANN)
In 3 short scenes with chibi-versions of Sora, Layla, May and others you'll find out how to cook, how to play with diabolo and learn some words from seal language. (Source: ANN)
After the Playstation port of Resident Evil 4 hit the stores Capcom released a new 97 minute DVD some time later which intended to summarize the whole story of Resident Evil 4. It's played on English audio with Japanese subtitles. It also included a little book which explains the life on El Pueblo before and the arrival of Osmund Saddler. It also solved some plot holes like the whereabouts of the children. It contains many of the scenes original to Resident Evil 4. (Source: Resident Evil Wiki)
The strange and magical events of the last season have left Kazuto with two Valkyries. He now finds himself living with and looking after both a teenaged-princess Valkyrie, as well as the child-princess Valkyrie! And they still have not yet gotten married... (Source: AniDB)
This anime focuses on Kazama Mana, the main character of Yakin Byoto 2. She is an intern works for a sanatorium as an intern nurse. Mana looks up to Nightingale, and she want to be an angel in white like her. But, Mizukawa Wataru, the patient whose days are numbered, says to her that there’s no angel and begins to make her a sex game. (Source: ANN)
Long time ago, the Rindo family was cursed by a monster. Since then, new born babies have been girls. To break the curse, they had to marry persons of the Higetsu family who have strong spiritual power, and have to bear a child by the next red moon. Now, the curse befalls to Rindo Naoto. In order to break the curse, he has to beget a child with one of four sisters of the Higetsus. (Source: AnimeNfo)
The phrase "hard work" takes on an entirely new--and sexy--meaning in Legend of the Pervert. With the office as its setting, this adults-only anime features a woman who enjoys a little solo fun in her office in the mornings and a young man whose female coworkers make him do naughty acts that would make human resources cringe.
An evil politician Arimori Kamoshige have been a local governor for 40 years,. Abusing his power, he has gained wealth and women. The protagonist’s father has managed Arimori’s black money as a right hand person, but later, he was expelled being charged false crime. He got discouraged and called his runaway son, Tatsuya. He asked Tatsuya his revenge on Kamoshige. Soon his father died, and Kamoshige hired Tatsuya as the third secretary. However, Kamo also died 3 months later. Just before his death, he changed the pass code of a safebox which hidden black money was in. Then, the power balance of Arimori Family changed. The person who obtains the hidden money will get become the next ruler. While Arimori Family is conflict for the hidden money, Tatsuya begins his revenge. (Source: AniDB)
Sheliss Elleness Zurbach suddenly appears out of the blue in modern day Tokyo. Destiny has brought her to the human world, destiny in the form of an evil adversary named Gilva. Needing help in tracking down her enemy, she enlists a sexy demon killer. What Sheelis didn't count on was that a crazed, slimy, tentacled magician would paralyze her and turn her into a sex slave. The slimy tentacles slither all over the paralyzed princess' body. A long night of sexual punishment is about to begin... (Source: AniDB)
DVD Specials 
Crisis befalls the main characters and the Earth as well! How do they deal with the conspiracies that they have uncovered, while protecting the Earth too? (And what happens to the cliffhanger at the end of the previous episode?) In these final two episodes of Stratos 4 Advance are the exciting conclusion to the whole Stratos 4 series. The main characters will have to draw on all the resources they have, their friends and allies and their own sheer force of will, to "bring tomorrow to Earth," as one of the characters puts it.
A man who appears every 700 years. Streaching before the man's eyes the world rusted away to monochrome and gray. Once before the town flourished that is now in ruins. The man now, has a chance meeting with a person, a prositute. A story of passion curling like smoke....Tairosu Tomah's story has begun. (Source: Animenfo)
Kokone was studying in her room one day when her twin sister, Izuru, returned home. Izuru immediately went to their elder brother's room and the two began to make love to each other. Being twins, Kokone and Izuru are able to share feelings of pain and pleasure. Thus, unable to resist the waves of pleasure, Kokone began fingering herself until both rooms simultaneously echoed with the twins' cries of orgasm. Annoyed at them, Kokone decides to steal their brother from Izuru. (Source: AniDB, translated and adapted from official site by Cranston)
This is the story of wicked creatures, "Yokoshima Ryu Zama", the destroyers and demon practioner of the unknown. In an uninhabited town, the only person, a little girl, wakes up. Demon Woman of the unknown, Buddhist priest Agarerura. Her memory of reality keeps coming and going, Agarerura fights with what kind of person she should be. Now her consciousness' battle with a parasite life-form will begin. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Shizuko, a 26-year-old housewife, is lured into a trap when her stepdaughter is kidnapped by the Kizakura gang. The kidnapping scheme was hatched by an evil CEO whose main goal is to make Shizuko his sex slave. Eventually, she's coerced into performing a bizarre sex show in front of a large audience. They force Shizuko to perform with her stepdaughter. Though she refuses at first, she gradually accepts and decides to roll with the twisted pleasure of it all. (Source: AniDB)
Ryuki has made a full recovery, and now it's finally time to check out of the hospital; however, he's desperate not to leave! The head nurse, Rumi, has a penchant for tying down the other nurses and torturing them while masturbating. Nurse Nozomi needs to have sex constantly, with anyone or anything. Nurses Sarina and Rinka have even stranger desires. Ryuki's not going anywhere until he's gone through the whole nursing staff, and the hospital director Himiko, too! 
A lonely exchange student meets and falls in passionate love with a dancer. A girl who falls into madness when she learns her lover is going home to make his life. The wanderings of youth on the stage of 19th century Berlin. The legendary novel of Meiji writer Mori Ogai, "Maihime (dancing girl)," adapted by Ga-nime "School Girl" producer Oku Shutaro who shows us his illustration talent and appoints Ms FURUYA Akisa for the booklets, slide shows, and animation of this Ga-nime. Over the background of a foreign country, we discover all the pathetic, poetic feelings of this elegant story as the wind of fresh artistic images brings it to life. (Source: Toei-Anim.co.jp)
A sunny summer's day, the trembling insides of a girl are painted by Dazai Osamu's hidden masterpiece, "School Girl," a "Kaku Nime" production. Dazai's new literature taste is that of a person's challenge. The format of a girl talking to herself is presented by Motosaku, a Dazai Osamu fan as well; a girls of the modern day's heart also will resound as the finishing touches are applied to this work.  (Source: AnimeNfo.com)
A fantasy world with only cats as far as the eye can see. The awe and fear a person can feel in a world that doesn’t know mankind, the world of Cat City invented by HAGIWARA Sakutaro, is depicted with sense by the art of KANAIDA Etsuko. The commercial editor URAHAMA Shojiro edits the story narrated by the musician and poet MACHIDA Kou with a taste of fantastic for this new Ga-nime.  (Source: Toei-anim.co.jp)
The horrid stories that remain in many conversations, the chilling urban legends come to life thanks to the Ga-nime.  The terrible anecdote of an old fridge thrown by a dried up river bed in “Refrigerator”. The grotesque encounter with an out of place sculpture standing on top of a building in “The Dharma Statue”. The ghost encounter experience by a boy on a long bridge at night in “The Night Bridge” A purchase at the flea market that brings a man to an ironic end in “US Army Surplus” The enigma of continuous deadly accidents near a railroad in “The Railroad Crossing” The mysterious experience of a boy on summer vacation in a peaceful countryside in “I Want Friends”.  6 pieces of horror put on 1 film. The Japanese urban legends, put on screen in the characteristic drawing of KIMURA Toshiyuki, whose fame reaches outside the borders of Japan, call for a scream, with the talented collaboration for the ending theme of an artist produced by SUDOH Akira, Leilani.  (Source: Toei-anim.co.jp)
Set fifteen years after the fall of Oda Nobunaga. After the fall of this evil warlord, in the late sixteenth century, it appears as though evil times are ahead as his successor, Hideyoshi Toyotomi, has decided to call upon the Genma forces and once again place Japan under their demonic shadow. A strong warrior Soki who possesses the dark power of the Oni. Having learned about Hideyoshi's insidious scheme, he sets out on a journey to burn the Genma trees and defeat the Genma running rampant across the land. Shin Onimusha: Dawn of Dreams the Story is a compilation of cut-scenes from the game by the same title. It has been released on DVD separately from the game.
Various places in the world, trouble is awakening the terror inside every person's view of life, the distant future of overhead airspace is shown in "Highway Jenny."  It compares existence with one's lifetime and afterlife, it contemplates the purity and death of future generations, and to the person who looks at the importance of the choices in their own life, it will be appealing. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Forget the fashion police or a therapist – the Pinky Street action figure Saki is here to save the day! Mei is a tomboyish girl who would love to spend more time on fashion like her favorite Pinky Street figure, if she wasn’t busy being hassled by her male classmates; Keiichirou is an otaku who collects Pinky Street figures, and who has just been in a fight with a good friend. Both are taken in their sleep to the fabulous Pinky Town, where they are taken to a clothing store, toy store, and have a bite to eat with Saki herself! What other insights await our heroes? (Source: Anime-Planet)
The Japanese painter FUKAZAWA Takeshi expresses in pictures the novel written by Honoré de BALZAC “La grenadière”. Over 70 tempera paintings are beautifully brought to life and put together by FUKADA Koji for this Ga-nime that tells us the story of a mother and child in the 19th century, coated in a music that punctuates the whole experience. FUKAZAWA and FUKADA thus succeed in reproducing the ambiance of this mansion so dear to BALZAC, as the artistic pictures call to the imagination and the emotions of the viewer that only be so aroused by a Ga-nime. (Source: Toei)
A simple world of sound and picture, composed by NAKAI Yuu from the paintings of major Japanese artist YOH Shomei and pure, simple sounds, comes out in Ga-nime. Great pictures that will make you feel the life of the earth, with the horizon stretching ever farther… Get inside a minimalist world modeled before your eyes, with the sounds of wind and rain, of air and thunder that stir emotions in every viewer’s heart, through a lyricism that resounds at the core of your mind.  (Source: Toei-Anim.co.jp) 
Rein and Fine receive a care package from their mother and father which contains a device to show past memories and events. The OVA recaps the events of the first season even though chronologically the care package was received after episode 21 of the second season.
Working since before WW2, UEDA Shoji pierced through amateurism, Then, in his picture world he takes, cuts and rearranges photos through his own sensibility, which takes him to the new media that is Ga-nime, encouraged by his friend the actor SANO Shiro, born in the same prefecture. The pictures used for this exhibition are not only from his most famous “Dune Mode” series, but also of many pre/post-war pictures of his birthplace, streetcars running in Tokyo, and traditional scene of Japan, through which a whole culture appears.  (Source: Toei-anim.co.jp)
Makoto Konno is in her last year of high school, but is having a hard time deciding what to do with her future. In between enduring the pressure of her teachers and killing time with her best friends, Makoto's life suddenly changes when she accidentally discovers that she is capable of literally leaping through time. Toki wo Kakeru Shoujo follows Makoto as she plays around with her newfound power. However, she soon learns the hard way that every choice has a consequence, and time is a lot more complicated than it may seem. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Naruto, Kakashi, Sakura, and Lee are sent to protect a prince during his trip around the world and see that he returns safely to his home in the Moon Country. The Moon Country happens to be really rich and as such the Prince tends to buy anything his heart desires, during his travels the Prince would come across a circus group that features a rare Sabre-toothed tiger that he just had to have. So he purchased the entire group. Suddenly a mission to protect just the spoiled prince that hardly listened to anything said, turns in to a mission to look after animals and a prince that doesn't listen to what they say, and in the end somehow get them all back safely to their home country. All the while there are three mysterious Ninja wielding some frightening jutsu waiting for them. Why are they attacking them? What do they want with Team Kakashi!?! (Source: NarutoFan)
Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Arren, a young distraught teenage boy. While Arren may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Tehanu. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. He can use the boy's "fears" against the very one who would help him, Ged. (Source: ANN) 
Satoshi and his friends get lost in an unknown wasteland. They eventually come across a "Water Pokemon Show" performed by the star of the Mariner Troupe, Hiromi. Hiromi is a descendant of the troupe of Water People able to communicate with water pokemon, and she tells our heroes the legend that's been passed down by her people for generations.  According to legend, a temple the Water People built called "The Water Temple Akuusha" rests somewhere in the ocean, and a treasure called "The Water Crown" is hidden there. It's said that no one has ever seen this treasure, but that changes when a Pokemon Ranger named Jack Walker (aka Jackie) appears to chase aftert it. Jackie is on a top secret mission that has him protecting the egg of the leader of the water pokemon, Manaphy. This pokemon, called the "Prince of the Sea," needs to be taken to the Water Temple Akuusha, so Satoshi-tachi and Hiromi decide to help him. Along the way, a pirate named Phantom attacks our heroes from his great submarine. Phantom plans to use the Water Crown's power to help him conquer the world, but he'll have to solve the mystery of Manaphy's egg first. When the Rocket-Dan get into the mix, Jackie uses his Capture Styler to borrow the power of a nearby pokemon to stand up to them. Satoshi and Pikachu enter the fray, but they still have to contend with the attacks of Phantom's powerful high tech mecha! Suddenly, the egg starts to shine with a vivid light, and Manpahy is born!  What is the mystery of the legendary treasure? What mysterious powers does Manaphy have? Can Satoshi-tachi and Jackie complete their top secret mission? The journey to reach the Water Temple Akuusha has begun!
When 11-year-old Wataru's father leaves home and his mother is taken ill to the hospital, he decides to change his fate by traveling through the door shown to him by his friend Mitsuru. In a land of magic and monsters, Wataru must summon all his courage and embark on a journey with several comrades to meet the Goddess of Destiny and change this "mistaken fate." (Source: ANN)
One rainy day, Akane crosses path with a kind young man who tacitly offers to her his coat. On their second encounter, he confesses that he has no recollection of who he is, his name or his past, but feels contented by just being with her. Besotted, Akane sets out to find his name, and to unravel his enigmatic connection with a famous cursed dance rumoured to kill anyone who attempts to perform it. (Source: ANN)
The Digimon travel through the digital word and discover a Digimon eating away the Digital World, thus they resolve to save it.
Four workers wait out the night around a campfire. Three of them are talking about different things when they start hearing strange noises. Their discussion wakes up a sleeping companion who promptly goes back to sleep only to start having dreams...
3D IMAX movie, shown only at the Suntory Museum in Osaka. The story involves a heist taking place on 15 Aug at the Takaramachi Jewelry Museum where a jewel worth 1 Billion Yen is stolen.
Ryuta and his friends from the science club visit a museum exhibit on Thomas Edison and it's there they learn about one of his proposed inventions called the "spirit phone" which would enable communication with the deceased. Later that day, they bump into a shaman who claims she has a message from Edison. In an instant Ryuta is given the necessary knowledge he needs to construct the device and decides to go for it, so beginning a spiritual adventure. (Source: ANN)
Jae-young, an ordinary woman in her mid-20s is sentenced to death by an angel, and ascends to Heaven. Going to Heaven means nothing to her because she assumes Heaven is devoid of reason and humanity. But she accepts her fate and proceeds to bid farewell to her mother and friend. During her farewells, the desire for life starts to torture her. (Source: KoBiz)
The annual Star Festival to honor the stars that bring life is drawing nearer. Anpanman finds an abandoned doll who is brought to life by a Star of Life. The doll, now named Dolly, spends all of her time having fun, convinced that enjoying oneself is the meaning of life. However, her Star of Life is starting to disappear, and Baikinman builds a huge robot inspired by memories of his own birth. (Source: ANN)
Anpanman finds an odd little girl from outer space. The girl turns out to be Kokin-chan, Dokin-chan's younger sister who came to Earth to play. Moreover, Kokin-chan is a master of fake crying and exploits her skill to get out of the trouble she causes. And her tears have the special power to make anyone whose eyes are touched by them cry without reason. (Source: ANN)
A.D. 2034. It has been two years since Motoko Kusanagi left Section 9. Togusa is now the new leader of the team, that has considerably increased its appointed personnel. The expanded new Section 9 confronts a rash of complicated incidents, and investigations reveal that an ultra-wizard hacker named the Puppeteer is behind the entire series of events. In the midst of all, Batou, who was stalking the case on a separate track, encounters Motoko. She goes away after saying, "Stay away from the Solid State Society." Batou is left with a doubt in his mind. Could Motoko be the Puppeteer? The series of intriguing incidents that Section 9 faces gradually link together almost artistically. Who is the Puppeteer? What will happen to Batou's relationship with Motoko? What is the full truth behind this carefully planned perfect crime? And what will the outcome be? Mysteries surround the Solid State Society... (Source: Production I.G.)
Black Cat DVD only episode.
DVD specials of comedic events that occurred during the story of Utawarerumono. The specials are included in the DVD Box special disc.
A human wakes up one day to discover that he has become a Squirtle in a world filled with natural disasters, where he meets Charmander and Chikorita of Team Go-Getters, a Pokemon rescue team. Squirtle joins Team Go-Getters for the task of saving Pichu's Brother Pikachu from Skarmory, however Gengar and his Team Meanies decide to interfere. (Source: ANN)
Pikachu and the other Pokémon were at the beach, when a weakened Wynaut approaches them. It tells them that its friends were attacked by Meowth and the other Team Rocket Pokémon, as well as an Exploud and a Hariyama, because Meowth wanted to take over their playground, which resides on a nearby island. After hearing Wynaut's story, Pikachu and the others decide to help them take back their playground, and begin to train them, so that they can rescue their island from the clutches of Meowth. (Source: ANN)
Specials from the Gakuen Heaven DVDs.
A two minute long promo for the re-mastered series. Contains animation not used in the TV series.
Lupin and Jigen planed to steal enormous money from a racetrack in New York. Their plan is perfect and the only thing remains is to wait for 6 days. To celebrate the success beforehand, they go to a town.  Lupin parts from Jigen because he recalls another engagement. Then, Lupin saves a girl, Michelle, being chased by suspicious men. She asks Lupin to steal a diamond from her father in order to stop him from doing evil things. Lupin thinks he can get both money and a diamond 6 days later, and he accepts her request to guard her for 6 days.  Meanwhile, Jigen meats his old fellow soldier, Ryatte, and they’re talking about another business. Then, Jigen is supposed to spends 6 days with Ryatte before the plan with Lupin. On the other hand, Fujiko and Goemon are planning to steal a diamond at a diamond exhibits. The host of the exhibition is…  (Source: AniDB) 
This is a two part story that happened after Rose moved in to Roy's apartment. During the preparations for Appreciation Day, Solty watches people in the city going about and preparing for the celebration and is confronted with a thought: what is true happiness? While trying to understand happiness and the complexity of human emotions, a young girl who has had a falling out with her mother confronts Solty and Rose asking for their help. "Love Shared" is actually the second half of "Opportunities Missed", while "Opportunities Missed" shows the entire story. (Source: Wikipedia)
This was originally from the Black Jack (2004), but weren't aired then, only later. There are two episodes in this: The Dog Thief Kamaitachi in the Woodlands
On August 10 2002, the eruption of Mount Fuji, as well as a series of large-scale earthquakes tsunamis inflict tremendous damage to Japan, sending the country into a state of emergency. Furthermore, another massive earthquake hit Japan on August 15, splitting the country into two. While Japanese refugees were taken in by various countries, the Japanese government accepted aid from China and the United States, which eventually caused China to govern the North, and the USA to govern the South. 15 years later, the Japanese refugees residing in Taiwan and the Taiwanese citizens find themselves clashing with one another, due to job competition and the unimproving conditions of the Japanese refugees. Genichiro Ryu is a survivor of the catastrophic events that took place in Japan, but was raised in Taiwan by a couple who adopted him. He gets himself involved in the situation between the Taiwanese and the Japanese, hoping that the two parties will be able to coexist with one another.  (Source: ANN)
A compilation of old clips from Satoshi's journeys. It was aired during the episode 1-3 special on Japanese TV, between episode 2 and 3. (Source: AniDB, edited)
DVD special.
Short omake episodes included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Princess Princess.
Stratos 4 Recap episode - For everything which happened before Stratos 4 Advance started.
Three specials released with DVD volume 9 of the TV series. Episode 1: The Day of Gathering Past event about Chalce and Chrome's group, of how the three youngest members came to join them.  Episode 2: White Footmarks Past event about Chalce transfer into Cluster E.A, his meeting with Hema and how he elicted the hatred from the competitive Vesuvia.  Episode 3: Wings of Freedom	 A strange girl appears in Cluster E A, looking for Fon. Is she there for a visit or something else? Will she find her answer amongst Fon and his friends?  (Source: Wikipedia)
A magic book places Kazumi in a Wonderland-like world.
Lily went to an amusement park using the frog as its symbol character with her parents. At the Frog Castle of the park, she happened to draw a sword. It was said that the Frog King would grant any wish if one beat the big snake with the sword. When Lily beat the snake, she went to the Frog Land and met the Frog King. The king said she would become a frog if she couldn't open the Gate of Hope until a child would hatch from the roe in front of her. Suddenly, a man in suits appeared. His name was Knodo, and he was supposed to become her little brother. Lily thought it strange, and she ran away from him. He chased her. Then, they fell over into the water head over heels. (Source: AnimeNfo)
Daijuuji Kurou and Al, Master Therion and Etheldreda continue to fight beyond the time again and again over the infinite just as Ouroboros...
Main characters reminiscing about their past.
The nine guardians take a break from their daily lives and go on a little adventure together.
A recap of the Harukanaru Toki no Naka de: Hachiyou Shou series included on the special "making-of" DVD release of the Harukanaru Toki no Naka de: Maihitoyo movie.
A second and final Kochikame special of 2006.
Part of the "Let's start with Anpanman" series of educational animation for kindergarten children featuring characters from Anpanman.
The fifth film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story). (Source: AniDB)
Himitsukessha Taka no Tsume DVD specials. The official website lists these episodes as various "pilots".
A boy looks into a box and sees a rainbow kaleidoscope display. But every time the boy looks in, the images change.
Cofun Gal no Coffy (TV) DVD specials. The official website lists these episodes as various "pilots".
A stinky, sweet, and sour story of a clumsy Wakaba and a human chicken.
