Kirino Kousaka embodies the ideal student with equally entrancing looks. Her grades are near perfect, and to cover her personal expenses, she works as a professional model alongside her best friend Ayase Aragaki, who abhors liars and all things otaku. But what Ayase doesn't know is that Kirino harbors a deep, entrenched secret that will soon be brought to light. At home one day, Kyousuke, Kirino's perfectly average brother, stumbles upon an erotic game that belongs to none other than his seemingly flawless little sister. With her reputation at stake, Kirino places a gag order on her sibling while simultaneously introducing him to the world of eroge and anime. Through Kirino, Kyousuke encounters the gothic lolita Ruri Gokou and the bespectacled otaku Saori Makishima, thus jump-starting an entirely new lifestyle. But as he becomes more and more involved in his little sister's secret life, it becomes that much harder to keep under wraps.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Keima Katsuragi, known online as the legendary "God of Conquest," can conquer any girl's heart—in dating sim games, at least. In reality, he opts for the two-dimensional world of gaming over real life because he is an unhealthily obsessed otaku of galge games (a type of Japanese video game centered on interactions with attractive girls). When he arrogantly accepts an anonymous offer to prove his supremacy at dating sim games, Keima is misled into aiding a naïve and impish demon from hell named Elucia "Elsie" de Lute Ima with her mission: retrieving runaway evil spirits who have escaped from hell and scattered themselves throughout the human world. Keima discovers that the only way to capture these spirits is to conquer what he hates the most: the unpredictable hearts of three-dimensional girls! Shackled to Elsie via a deadly collar, Keima now has his title of "God of Conquest" put to the ultimate test as he is forced to navigate through the hearts of a multitude of real-life girls. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As a child, Moritaka Mashiro dreamt of becoming a mangaka, just like his childhood hero and uncle, Tarou Kawaguchi, creator of a popular gag manga. But when tragedy strikes, he gives up on his dream and spends his middle school days studying, aiming to become a salaryman instead. One day, his classmate Akito Takagi, the school's top student and aspiring writer, notices the detailed drawings in Moritaka's notebook. Seeing the vast potential of his artistic talent, Akito approaches Moritaka, proposing that they become mangaka together. After much convincing, Moritaka realizes that if he is able to create a popular manga series, he may be able to get the girl he has a crush on, Miho Azuki, to take part in the anime adaptation as a voice actor. Thus the pair begins creating manga under the pen name Muto Ashirogi, hoping to become the greatest mangaka in Japan, the likes of which no one has ever seen. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As tensions between the world of magic and Academy City continues to rise, Touma Kamijou and his hand of negation must face off against both esper and magician in order to protect the lives of those around him. Of course, he is not alone in his fight; whether by his side or out of sight, allies and enemies both old and new will enter the fray to help him. Toaru Majutsu no Index II continues the story of action and comedy, as the scale of Touma and his allies' battle grows ever larger. A conflict is slowly brewing on the horizon, and magic and science will cross paths once again in the war to come. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Haruka and Sora Kasugano are coming home, to a place filled with memories. Having lost their parents in a tragic car accident, the twins resolve to return to the countryside and start life anew at their grandfather's house, the haunt a constant reminder of moments from their past. Greeting them are childhood friends Nao Yorihime and Akira Amatsume, and newcomer Kazuha Migiwa. It is a warm welcome, symbolic of the days that should come. Their peace is merely ephemeral, however, as suppressed emotions, born from vows both newfound and forgotten, start exerting their influence on the twins' new lives. And deep down, a dark secret, only known to them, begins to unshackle. Based on the visual novel by Sphere, Yosuga no Sora not only explores the power of lost memories and true love when the bonds of many become intertwined, but also raises the questions of morality and social acceptance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The "Anarchy Sisters," Panty and Stocking, have been kicked out of Heaven for, to put it mildly, misbehaving. Led by a priest named Garterbelt, these angels must buy their way back by exterminating ghosts in Daten City. But this task requires unconventional weapons for these unorthodox angels—they transform their lingerie into weapons to dispatch the spirits. Unfortunately, neither of them take their duties seriously, as they rather spend their time in pursuit of other "hobbies": Panty prefers to sleep with anything that walks, and Stocking favors stuffing her face with sweets than hunting ghosts. Follow these two unruly angels as they battle ghosts, an overflow of bodily fluids, and their own tendency to get side-tracked in Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sakurai Tomoki has settled into his life with the two angeloids, Ikaros and Nymph, and is enjoying himself immensely. However, he keeps having weird dreams and asks all of his friends to help him investigate the cause. Nymph conjures up a device that enables people, but not angeloids, to enter other people's dreams. The device malfunctions at first but eventually they get to what was supposed to be Tomoki's dream but discover that something is very wrong with it. Later, a meteor comes crashing down from the skies at the site of the large cherry blossom tree where Tomoki first discovered Ikaros. An extremely well endowed blonde angeloid with a huge sword emerges from the meteor and sets off in search of Tomoki!
Rito Yuuki never gets a break—he's always finding himself in lewd accidents with girls around him. Although his heart still yearns for Haruna, his childhood love, Rito can't help but question his feelings for Lala, the alien princess who appeared in front of him and declared she would marry him. But now, it's not just Lala he has to deal with: her younger twin sisters, Momo and Nana, have also travelled to Earth, wanting to meet their older sister’s fiancé, and just as luck would have it, they end up staying at Rito's home. Meanwhile, amidst the bustle of his new family members, Yami, the human weapon girl, begins her pursuit for Rito. It's not an easy life for Rito as he deals with uncertain love, punishment for being a pervert, and a girl dead set on murdering him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Taro Sado is a high school student who lives his day to day life with a big secret—he's a masochist! Encouraged by his cross-dressing best friend Tatsukichi Hayama, Taro asks the Second Voluntary Club for help with his problem and ends up joining the club after they vow to "fix" him. However, it turns out that all of the members of the club have some serious issues. The club leader Mio Isurugi is a self-designated god who is afraid of cats, Arashiko Yuuno has a severe fear of men, and the club advisor Michiru Onigawara is a sadist who enjoys making people cosplay.  Together with other wacky characters such as Yumi Mamiya, a talented masseuse and Yuuno's best friend, and Noa Hiiragi, the president of the invention club, they all learn about the importance of acceptance and kindness. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ever since her late mother took her to an aquarium when she was young, Tsukimi Kurashita has been obsessed with jellyfish, comparing their flowing tentacles to a princess's white dress. Now living with five other unemployed otaku women, 19-year-old Tsukimi spends her days as a social outcast dreaming of becoming an illustrator. However, her life changes forever when one day, a beautiful woman unexpectedly helps her save a jellyfish in a local pet store. From then on, the stranger—confident, fashionable, and the complete opposite of Tsukimi and her roommates—begins to regularly visit the girls' building. This trendy hipster, though appearing shallow at first, harbors some secrets of her own, starting with the fact that "she" isn't really a girl at all, but a wealthy male college student named Kuranosuke Koibuchi! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
From the depth of the seas rises an evil monster, bent on taking over the human world: Ika Musume. She's ruthless. She's menacing. She's... an adorably non-threatening little girl who makes an awesome squid-ink spaghetti? Ika Musume has come out of her home in the ocean on a quest to punish humanity for polluting her waters. With squid tentacles for hair and some pretty useful ink-spitting skills, Ika Musume is sure she'll have no trouble invading Earth. What she didn't account for were the Aizawa sisters, rough and tumble Eiko and deceptively mellow Chizuru, who immediately bully her into working as a waitress in their seafood restaurant by the shore. Ika Musume decides to take this chance to learn more about the human world, having silly adventures, meeting lots of strange characters, and never once letting world domination out of her sights. Will Ika Musume be able to exact her revenge on the human race that had wronged her? Or will she learn to enjoy the company of these foolish air-breathers and let bygones be bygones?
Jubei Yagyu, Hanzo Hattori, Yukimura Sanada, Sen Tokugawa, Kanetsugu Naoe, and Matabei Goto. In the alternate world of Hyakka Ryouran: Samurai Girls these are not the legendary samurai of history. They are scantily clad young ladies living in an age where the Tokugawa shogunate remained in power, and all of them have been sent to Buou Academic School in order to hone their battle skills. Muneakira Yagyu, master of the Yagyu dojo, is the only one who has the ability to take these warriors to the next level, making them into master samurai. Once he unlocks the hidden powers of Jubei with a kiss, the rest of the girls will set their sights on attaining that power for themselves. Together with his new group of master samurai, Muneakira will rebel against the school's student council, who have tasked themselves with oppressing students in this hectic world.
In the dry riverbed of Arakawa River, undefeated elite Ichinomiya Kou (aka Ric) met the lovely homeless girl Nino, a self-declared Venusian. Their awkward love stirs up trouble among the other strange inhabitants of the riverbed. (Source: ANN)
Haruka Ozawa's sophomore year is getting seriously scary. One of her friends is possessed, another has committed suicide and Haruka could be the next one to flunk the still-breathing test. Her only way out of this potentially lethal dead end? Yakumo Saito, an enigmatic student born with a mysterious red eye that allows him to see and communicate with the dead. But the deceased don't always desist and some killers are more than ready to kill again to keep dead men from telling any more tales. That doesn't stop Haruka's knack for digging up buried secrets, and there's even more evidence of bodies being exhumed by both Yakumo's police contact and an investigative journalist with a newly made corpse in her closet! Can this pair of anything but normal paranormal detectives solve the ultimate dead case files or will they end up in cold storage themselves?  (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
Fortune Arterial's story revolves around the male protagonist Kohei Hasekura, who transfers into a prestigious public school in the style of an English six-year school encompassing junior-high and high school students. The school is on an island named Tamatsu Island off-shore from mainland Japan, and the only way to get there is by boat. Soon after transferring, he discovers that one of the student in the class next door to his, Sendo Erika, is in fact a type of vampire.  (Source: Wikipedia)
Deep beneath the surface of Southern Cross Isle, a mysterious organization known as the Glittering Crux Brigade frequently gathers in their underground fortress. The group is particularly interested in "Cybodies," stone giants which can transform into massive fighting humanoids but only in a realm known as "Zero Time." By finding and shattering the seals of the island's four seal maidens, Glittering Crux hopes to break free of Zero Time and use the Cybodies anywhere they please. One night, a young man named Takuto Tsunashi washes up on the island's shore and is rescued by Sugata Shindou and his fiancée Wako Agemaki, one of the island's seal maidens. After he awakens, Takuto quickly befriends the two and proceeds to enroll at the local academy, where many of his fellow students are secretly members of Glittering Crux. However, Takuto holds a secret: when in Zero Time, he can utilize a Cybody of his own—the Tauburn. In the forthcoming battle, Takuto and the Tauburn will be the key to preventing Glittering Crux from shattering Wako's seal and realizing its nefarious ambitions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second Lieutenant Kei Agemaki, the son of a famous general, has hidden his extreme fear of paranormal beings all his life. However, when he and two others are reassigned to live and work with youkai in the Ministry of Spirit Affairs, he is brought face-to-face with his worst nightmare. Now with the help of the fox spirit Kushimatsu, he and his fellow officers must learn to work alongside youkai maidens—Zakuro, Susukihotaru, Hoozuki, and Bonbori—to solve paranormal cases. Set in the midst of an alternate version of Japanese Westernization, Otome Youkai Zakuro explores the clashes and unions that can occur when east meets west, local meets foreign, and women meet men. The unusual alliance of the youkai maidens and human officers must learn to work together in a world that is changing around them. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the wake of a third world war which left Japan in ruins, an organization known as Vischio seized control of Tokyo and renamed it Toshima. Taking place in its back alleys are battle games known as Igura, overseen by the Vischio, in which contestants battle and bathe in each other's blood to earn the chance to go up against its tournament's king, Il-re. Igura is not the only fighting tournament around; Bl@ster is a similar yet vastly different game since it prohibits murder and the use of weapons. The only way to win is by knocking out the opponent. Akira, a young man isolated from his family, is known to be undefeatable at Bl@ster. However, his life on the top is shattered when he is accused of murder. Unable to prove his own innocence, all hope is seemingly lost... that is until a mysterious woman named Emma appears and offers him a chance. Now, to regain his freedom, Akira must participate in Igura and ultimately defeat Il-re. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After the conclusion of Hakuouki, Chizuru Yukimura and the Shinsengumi are forced to flee Kyoto and set sail for Edo. In their commander Isami Kondou's absence, vice-commander Toshizou Hijikata steps in as acting commander. However, Hijikata is not only struggling with the extra leadership duties—which worries everyone around him—but also a newfound uncontrollable bloodlust. To make matters worse, the urge does not affect him alone, and it is even beginning to drive some of his subordinates mad. Finally, Kondou returns with orders from the emperor to defend the castle, and a new name for their squad: the Kouyou Chinbutai. But in war, the balance of power can shift suddenly and allegiances can waver. In Hakuouki Hekketsuroku, Chizuru follows the Shinsengumi into the heart of war and continues the search for her missing father, all while the bond between her and Hijikata grows ever stronger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Satoshi, headed off to the Isshu region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Houen, and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Shooty and the region's Professor Araragi, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Dent, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Sanyou City Gym Leaders. 
After Niche carries the wounded and stunned Lag back to the Bee Hive, the Letter Bee finally begins to piece the puzzle together. Now he knows what's happened to Gauche, why the Marauders are so focused on stealing mail and the actual intent of the group controlling both, Reverse. However, when he's forbidden to reveal the truth, Lag is soon forced out of the artificial sunlight and back into the world of perpetual night. And soon Reverse's plot to take down the Letter Bees and overthrow the Amberground government begins to accelerate. If things weren't already bad enough, the giant insect creatures called gaichuu are apparently evolving into something new; there may be traitors working within the Hive; and Niche's sister, who's definitely not human friendly, shows up to turn family drama into a full-scale siege! It all spells serious trouble for the Letter Bees, but if anyone can weather the storms and gloom of night, Lag and his team are the ones who'll deliver. (Source: FUNimation)
Hotori Arashiyama loves mysteries, but there's one she just can't solve: why does the solution to one problem inevitably seem to lead to another? Like how when Hotori has to start working at the Seaside Maid Cafe after school to pay off a debt and her friend Toshiko fortunately knows exactly how a Maid Cafe should be run. Which is fortunate since Hotori has no clue. Except that, unfortunately, Toshiko has no interest in working at the cafe—until she discovers that Hotori's childhood friend Hiroyuki is a regular. Which SEEMS fortunate. Except that Hotori doesn't know that, while Toshiko likes Hiroyuki, Hiroyuki secretly likes Hotori, while Hotori secretly has a crush on... No, no more spoilers! But if that's not enough drama, there's work, angst with a certain math teacher, table tennis between her classmates, her younger brother versus the school's bad girl... And yet, even though everything seems like it's going to crash at any moment, somehow Hotori's life keeps going hilariously forward. (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
"Sheryl, Nero, Elly, and Cordelia are the most popular students at Holmes Detective Academy, because of the many cases they've solved with their Toys and teamwork. The students and the people of the Detective City Yokohama all look up to the members of "Milky Holmes", as they're called. But on a dark and stormy night, during a battle with their rivals "The Gentlemen Thief Empire", they lose their toys, and their fate undergoes a dramatic change..." (Source: Crunchyroll)
Upon her return to Japan after a two year study break in Paris, Ichigo Amano is met with news of Team Ichigo's separation, as each of the Sweets Princes takes a different path toward their dream. Now in her first year of high school, Henri Lucas has a project in store for her, enlisting the help of Ichigo, Makoto Kashino, and new members Lemon Yamagishi and Johnny McBeal to give rise to a new Team Ichigo. As the four work together on this project, Ichigo and Makoto continue to grow closer, though Johnny and the unrelenting Miya Koshiro will not idly sit by; with Johnny's eye on Ichigo and Miya still after Makoto, it definitely seems like love won't come easily. With Ichigo's time at St. Marie Academy, she is now ever closer to her dream of starting her very own pâtisserie. However, she will soon realize that it takes more than just making delicious sweets to open up a shop. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tony Stark, CEO of a large weapons manufacturer, physicist, engineer, and brilliant inventor, is wounded by shrapnel from one of his own weapons. While held captive by terrorists, he develops the Iron Man Suit and escapes. From that day on, he vows not to waste his second chance at life and to change the world for the better. For that purpose, he comes to Japan. In Lab 23 in Japan, great strides have been taken to develop, and build, a unique power station which does not run on fossil fuels, the Arc Station. Stark intends to join this project, and, for that, he is ready to announce his retirement as Iron Man. At the same time, he will also announce the Mass-produced Iron Men, to which he will pass on his duties. However, during the ceremonies, Stark is suddenly attacked by combat mecha belonging to an organization known as Zodiac.
With many of its central personnel lost in the war, the Earth Federation Government is forced to rebuild, and Brian Midcrid, president of the Unified Colonies, takes the position of its president. During an emergency session of the Federation Diet, he publicly acknowledges the existence of extraterrestrials, and reveals the events of the L5 campaign to the masses in what will later come to be called the "Tokyo Declaration." He goes on to state that these aliens pose a serious threat to humanity. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Dan now desires more exciting battles and stronger opponents. Thus it is that when Maru appears before him, offering the two, Dan leapt at the chance. He is transported into the future, a time when Earth is threatened by demons from another dimension. Now, the fate of all humanity rests on Dan's shoulders. The price of failure is a re-set of Earth's entire timeline. (Source: AniDB)
The story is about the daily life of a piece of bread named Mimi, and some of her friends and family. Based on Shimamori Natsuko's Shokupan Mimi (White Bread Mimi) 4-panel manga.
A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two.
The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB)
Shorts run during Shueisha's Saki-yomi Jum-Bang! television program starting on November 5, 2010.  (Source: AniDB)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
Adaptation of a French children's picture book written by Jean-Philippe Arrou-Vignod and illustrated by Olivier Tallec. The story follows a precocious five year old girl named Rita and a lazy but easy-going dog named Machin.
The story centers around a mysterious tall tower built from an (unsteady) stack of building blocks. Every morning, noon, and evening, an old timekeeping man rings the bell in the tower to confirm the time for the local townspeople. However, one day at noon, the tower bell fails to ring — leaving the townspeople confused about when to eat lunch. The fantasy adventure begins when Karl, an inquisitive boy living in the town, decides to go to the tower's plaza to see what is the matter. (Source: ANN)
A television anime adaptation of the Tachumaru Zukan project. Tachumaru Zukan re-imagines some of Tatsunoko's most popular anime franchises as a newly evolved species of super-deformed animals known as "Tachuu-rui." These mysterious "Tachumaru" (Tachumals) are "small and cute," but have special fighting moves. (Source: ANN)
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Fifteen-year-old Megumi Shimizu dreamed of a glamorous life in the big city; however, her unexpected death in the quiet village of Sotoba marks the beginning of what appears to be a ferocious epidemic that turns the hot summer into a season of blood and terror. A young doctor named Toshio Ozaki begins to doubt the nature of the disease and comes to understand that to discover the truth, he must abandon his humanity. Meanwhile, Natsuno Yuuki, an antisocial youth from the city, is haunted by the sudden death of Megumi and must realize the pain of friendship in the face of his own tragedy. Toshio and Natsuno form an unlikely pair as they work together to save Sotoba before it transforms into a ghost town of vampires. Shiki, adapted from the horror novel written by Fuyumi Ono, goes beyond the average vampire story. It tells the tragic tale of survival in a world where one cannot easily distinguish between good and evil. Abandoned by God, the Shiki, as the vampires call themselves, have only their will to live as they clash with the fear of the paranoid/unbelieving villagers. Shiki explores the boundary that separates man from monster. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In an Edo-era Japan lush with a variety of sword-fighting styles, Shichika Yasuri practices the most unique one: Kyotouryuu, a technique in which the user's own body is wielded as a blade. The enigmatic seventh head of the Kyotouryuu school, Shichika lives quietly in exile with his sister Nanami until one day—the wildly ambitious strategist Togame barges into their lives. Togame brazenly requests that Shichika help in her mission to collect twelve unique swords, known as the "Deviant Blades," for the shogunate. Shichika accepts, interested in the girl herself rather than petty politics, and thus sets out on a journey. Standing in their way are the fierce wielders of these legendary weapons as well as other power-hungry entities who seek to thwart Togame's objective. In order to prevail against their enemies, the duo must become an unbreakable team as they forge ahead on a path of uncertainty and peril. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two years ago, Junichi Tachibana had a date on Christmas Eve but was stood up instead. Since then, he has had a hard time showing others his true feelings in fear of being rejected again. However, as luck would have it, Junichi may have a second chance at love when he meets several girls whom he becomes romantically interested in: Haruka Morishima, the energetic and popular upperclassman with a love for cute things; Kaoru Tanamachi, his childhood friend who harbors secret feelings for him; Sae Nakata, the timid transfer student who is shy around men; Ai Nanasaki, a girl on the swim team who has a bad first impression of Junichi; Rihoko Sakurai, a childhood friend with a love for sweets; and Tsukasa Ayatsuji, a seemingly perfect class representative who has a hidden dark side. As Christmas Eve approaches, Junichi can only hope that this will be the year he will finally spend the holidays with the one he truly loves.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Alpha Stigma" are known to be eyes that can analyze all types of magic. However, they are more infamously known as cursed eyes that can only bring destruction and death to others. Ryner Lute, a talented mage and also an Alpha Stigma bearer, was once a student of the Roland Empire's Magician Academy, an elite school dedicated to training magicians for military purposes. However, after many of his classmates died in a war, he makes an oath to make the nation a more orderly and peaceful place, with fellow survivor and best friend, Sion Astal. Now that Sion is the the king of Roland, he orders Ryner to search for useful relics that will aid the nation. Together with Ferris Eris, a beautiful and highly skilled swordswoman, Ryner goes on a journey to search for relics of legendary heroes from the past, and also uncover the secrets behind his cursed eyes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai, a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced.
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rikuo Nura doesn't want anything to do with evil youkai, and just wants a normal life. Too bad he's a quarter youkai, and Nurarihyon, his grandfather, is insistent that he takes over as head of the Nura Clan. He's able to keep his supernatural secret life hidden from his classmates, as he can only transform into a youkai at night, for six hours at a time.  Unfortunately for him, various youkai factions are out to target both his youkai and human friends, and like it or not, he needs to embrace his youkai side. Life is not easy when you're Nurarihyon's grandson.
While other schools in Japan compete for the title of being the best soccer team in the country, Raimon Middle School's soccer club, Inazuma Eleven, struggles to rise from the verge of being disbanded. The grandson of Inazuma Eleven's first generation goalkeeper and captain of the team, Mamoru Endou, takes the challenge of kicking the long neglected club back into shape. To do this, he'll need a little help and more than a little luck. Mamoru Endou finds hope in the hands of Shuuya Gouenji, a brilliant young player who has given up on soccer. Mamoru is determined to get Shuuya and other new recruits to join his team, no matter what the cost. Is his passion and determination enough to treat the ailing club? Or is there no more hope for the team?
Yu☆Gi☆Oh! 5D's, set in the not too distant future, is the sequel to Yu☆Gi☆Oh!: Duel Monsters GX. Following on from its predecessors, the show is centered on the Duel Monsters Card Game. Neo Domino City, a newer, evolved city is the largest in the world, watched over by its Director, Rex Godwin. Satellite, the renamed old Domino City, is now the city's main waste disposal area and the inhabitants who live there, Satellites, live in poor conditions and are forbidden from Duelling. Fudou Yuusei, the shows main protagonist, has built a D-Wheel (used for the new form of duelling, Riding Duels) in the hope that he can escape to Neo Domino City. Spurred on by revenge towards Jack Atlus, the King of Riding Duels, he manages to escape and duel Jack for his precious card, Stardust Dragon. However when it is summoned along with Jack's ace monster, Red Demons Dragon, a wondrous Crimson Dragon appears, along with a mysterious Birthmark on Yuusei's arm. From here on, Yuusei and his friends are thrown into a world of Darkness, from which they must duel their way out and attempt to save the world from the destructive forces that soon appear.
Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro, frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world!
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
The Digital World is in a state of war, with the evil Bagra Army attempting to collect fragments of the Code Crown. Whoever manages to collect all 108 fragments will become king of the Digital World. An evil group of Digimon, known as the Bagra Army, are determined to get their hands on the Code Crown. Digimon Xros Wars features Taiki Kudou, a soccer-loving middle schooler who will always go out of his way to help people in need. When out with his friends Akari Hinomoto and Zenjirou Tsurugi one day, he hears a voice calling out for help. Investigating the situation, he meets a Digimon named Shoutmon who has been severely wounded in a nearby alley. Using the power of a strange device called a Xros Loader, Taiki manages to save Shoutmon's life, but is pulled into the Digital World alongside Akari and Zenjirou. Determined not to let the evil Bagra have their way, Taiki and his friends join with Shoutmon and other local Digimon to form their own army known as Xros Heart. Now Xros Heart must fight their way across the Digital World to collect Code Crown fragments and defeat the Bagra Army, but Taiki and his friends are not the only humans caught up in this war of monsters…
Dan, Marucho, and Shun get caught up in a war between two different alien factions in another universe, and teaming up with three new brawlers: the Neathian, Fabia, the new human, Jake, and the Gundalian, Ren, in order to stop the evil Gundalian Protectors, the Twelve Orders from destroying Neathia, and possibly, Earth. They meet these people by them entering through the virtual reality Bakugan Interspace. The stakes are high! Will the Battle Brawlers triumph, saving the Bakugan once more? (Source: Bakugan Wikia)
2nd year middle school student Tsubomi Hanasaki has just moved with her family to the town of Kibougahana to live with her grandma. She is shy and introverted, but is determined to start off her new school life at Myoudou Academy as confidently as possible. Lately she has been having the same mysterious dream again and again, of Cure Moonlight's defeat at the Great Heart Tree. She wonders what it all means. Then suddenly, two fairies from the dream appear to her, and before she knows it, she is transformed into the legendary Pretty Cure, Cure Blossom! Later joined by her high energy classmate and new friend Erika Kurumi as Cure Marine, the two girls vow work hard to protect everyone's Heart Flowers from the evil gang, The Desert Messengers. 
Ginga Hagane and his crew of Bladers are back and ready to take on new challenges. The World Championship beckons, and Ginga is more than prepared, now equipped with a new Beyblade, the Galaxy Pegasus W105R2F. And he will be battling with a tag-partner from the USA, Masamune Kadoya. However, Masamune has also set his eyes on the championship, and plans to defeat Gingka. Masamune may be not the only threat to Ginga's path to victory. The world's top Blader Kyoya was chosen alongside Ginga, Masamune, Tsubasa, and Yu to represent Japan, but instead decides to join the African team. Together with his teammate Benkei, he wishes to take down Ginga and the Japanese team. The stage is now set for one of the most dramatic showdowns in Metal Fight Beyblade: Baku.
The Fairytale World is in trouble. Its princesses and their respective worlds are disappearing, causing a ripple effect in the human world where their stories are popular. In order to save the Fairytale World, the Queen sends three magic animals, Sei, Dai, and Ryoku, to the human world with magic gems to find three girls who can become the "Super Miracle Idols," the princesses Snow White, Cinderella, and Kaguya-hime. Those "princesses" end up being three little girls: Yukimori Ringo, Takashiro Layla, and Sasahara Natsuki. But the gems transform them into older singing superstars, and after their accidental debut at the singer Wish's concert, they become known as "Little Princesses," or "LilPri." Now they must collect Happiness Tones from humans in order to restore the Fairytale World.
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
In Jewel Land, Jewelpets, creatures who has the natural ability to use magic lived in harmony with the Witches, attending the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn to use magic with their Jewel Eyes. However for Ruby, a white Japanese Hare whose magic sometimes fail, is appointed to go to the Human World to search for her partner. But when she used the card the magicians gave her, she was sent to the Human World by accident. In the Human World, A girl named Akari Sakura met her on the beach on her way to school. At first, Akari can't understand her due to her Jewel Land Language until Ruby took a special candy so she could speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knew about her problems and later apologized. A Jewel Charm appeared on Akari's hand and she realized it that she's chosen by Ruby to be her partner. After that, she decided to enter the Jewel Star Grand Prix, on the prize is that any wish that they wanted will be granted. Will she be the Next Jewel Star and her wish be granted in the end? Or It'll just end in one big disaster... (Source: Wikipedia) 
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
A Romance of the Three Kingdoms retelling using SD Gundams.
Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The continuation of Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou with a new title. Episode numbers continue from 51.
Chinese-Japanese anime adaptation of the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" classic novel. Lui Bei embarks on a journey to quell the chaos that plagues his homeland, bringing with him his sworn brothers, Zhang Fei and Guan Yu. With only a small army and no land Lui Bei is forced to take a subservient role to other Generals, in order to keep him safe from those who continually come after his life.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Shobu and friends continue to face the members of Fua Duelist in the world championship and defeat them all. And now Shobu is the world champion. Before Shobu could relax he is being called into the creature world to face Diabolos Zeta, Temporal Ruler, who is about to bring annihilation. Shobu and friends gather the new legendary cards and stop him with their new powers of these cards. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
Sometime in the near future, in an age in which we have established contact and communications with planets outside our galaxy, Scan2Go has become a huge phenomenon throughout all of outer space. Giant races are held at every locality, with each racer gunning for the title of the universe's number one racer! The main character in the series, Kazuya, possesses the power of the eagle, performed well with his blazing, innate power commanding his falconine beast spirit. He competes in a tournament, the "Pro-Racer Exhibition Race.", but was no match for the other teams that had won their way through the competitive Space Preliminaries. Realizing the difficult obstacles that lie before them, Kazuya and his friends leave the small Earth behind and set off on a universe-wide quest to hone their skills as warriors!
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
In their new adventure, Yuuna and Stitch move from their small island Izayoi to the Okinawa main island where Yuuna is supposed to visit a school. A new cast of friends awaits them there as well as a new crisis approaching from space. (Source: AniDB)
Second season of the everyday life of the lady with many cats. Based on a blog by the cat owner. Actress Miki Nakatani (Ringu, Densha Otoko) will take over the series' voice acting duty in second season.
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings.  (Source: ANN) 
The second season of Marie & Gali.
The story of the anime revolves around Hanako, a girl who lives in a supernatural world apart from our own. Hanako appears when schoolchildren are in trouble; she is a benevolent version of an enduring Japanese urban legend about Hanako, a ghost who lives in a toilet at the local school. (Source: ANN)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Mix Masters Final Force is the second season of the original mix masters show. In this story, Ditt forgets that he was a mix master. But when the time comes to save the world once again, he finds new friends to help him in his battle against Eva and Babel, the two new antagonists. (Source: Wikipedia)
The daily life of the Motsumoto family. The three sisters, Fuu, Suu, and Chii, follow what happens on a daily basis. Mother and Father have to deal with them sometimes, but they're used to it.
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
The offensive and defensive battles between Nobuo, an office worker, and Chi-Sui Maru, a mosquito.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
NHK's English education program. In Little Charo 2, the puppy journeys with his master through a mysterious place called the Middle World, which lies between the World of the Living and the World of the Dead. (Source: AniDB)
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
The continuation of Penguin no Mondai.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life.  (Source: AniDB)
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
Papercraft stop-motion animation featuring tales ranging from a colourful jungle to a sports car race.
Talpy is an odd creature than can transform into anything be it a bicycle or cowboy or a tailor. Every episode shows Talpy transforming into a few items/people based on the scenario he's in. 
Tayo the Little Bus is about exciting adventures that are to happen in the metropolitan city where different vehicles live with harmony with one another. Tayo is just starting to learn his route in this busy city centre and on his journey, he is making many new friends. Full of unique characters that capture children's imaginations and fun storylines, the series has a lot to offer. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
I can dance! I can sing! So, I can speak English! Hello Cocomong is a series of musical episodes teaching kids through song and dance. A large amount of episodes are aimed to teach English to Korean speaking children, though the intention is lost with the official English dub of the show.
The protagonist, Tsukiko Yahisa, enrolled to a school that was recently changed from all-boys school to co-ed. Since the area where the school is conveniently rural and the rather exclusive curriculums the school has, up until now the protagonist is the only one female who enrolled to the school. In Starry Sky, the 13 constellations of the Zodiac are personified into handsome young men. The anime will be directed by Kiyomo Sayaka who worked with Vampire Knight. Similar to Hetalia - Axis Powers, Starry Sky's anime will be distributed through the Animate.tv website and other means.
Interactive anti-smoking anime. Directed by Koji Morimoto (best known for Studio 4°C works), this ONA is available in Japanese, English, and French.
The Japanese-Korean horror movie should have been released in 2012, but the project got canceled after Korean investors could not be determined. A six-minute promotional video is what's left of it of this attempted co-production. Timing holds the story of four characters with abilities related with time, fighting to stop the tragedies occurring in a high school. (Source: Hancinema)
Short animation by Rapparu.
A collaboration campaign between Kraft Parmesan Cheese and World Masterpiece Theater. Eight web shorts were made using seven of the World Masterpiece Theater stories (Flanders no Inu had two episodes); they act as mini side-stories within their respective shows, though Haha wo Tazunete Sanzenri occurs after the show. An apprentice fairy called Palme connects all the stories together as she uses her magic (aka sprinkling parmesan) to make "happy pasta."
Robin, a boy who likes to invent something alone, decides to make a lot of friends when he has to move from downtown to "Green Village". At the stage of "Green Village" which is set the newest environment system for nature, each episode has a lot of questions about " true ecology" and "true friends" through the activities of Robin and his 100 friends. (Source: Official Website)
More short stories featuring Zocco and Minime. The series received the first airing starting November 10, 2010. On June 10, 2013 five episodes were released on YouTube.
Follows the story a flamboyant Kimezou who works for a company that makes star shaped confections.
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
A short OVA that was bundled with the limited edition of the eleventh volume of the manga.
Being asked to work as a voice actress at a game company might not be so bad, unless you are Kanna Aoyagi. On her 16th birthday, her older sister Yayoi guilts Kanna into doing voice work for her at Blue March, a game company that specializes in eroge: erotic games with lots of sexual content.  Sweet and innocent, Kanna has no idea how she can possibly succeed at such an occupation when she has no sexual experience. But as she plays eroge for research, uses her vivid imagination, and receives unorthodox help from her coworkers, Kanna slowly becomes more comfortable with her new, embarrassing profession. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
U.C. 0096... The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1. A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move. Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box. What is Laplace's Box? What secret does it contain? The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved. (Source: Official website)
First episode is based on the 16th volume of the manga. Features Ikki vs. Ringo. Second episode is based on the 23rd/24th volume of the manga. Features Kogarasumaru vs. Sleeping Forest inside Inorganic Net.
A "healing story" OVA from director Satou Junichi, the director of Aria and Umi Monogatari. The story takes place in Seto Inland Sea and is about a girl who likes taking pictures.
An OVA based on the Hoshi no Umi arc of the manga spanning chapters 26-34.  This arc focuses on Rin Azuma, a Jiang-Shi yokai resident of Sakurashin adjusting to her new life in the city and working for a ramen shop. One day her former friend Zakuro Kurumaki invades Sakurashin to capture Rin and convince her to join her in destroying the city with the other yokai hunters as well as Enjin Hiizumi, the main antagonist of the series. Akina Hiizumi and the other members of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office take action to save Rin, 'tune' the yokai controlling Zakuro and protect the city. (Source: ANN)
Remake of Dragon Ball Z: Plan to Destroy the Saiyajin. Extra on Dragonball Raging Blast 2 game on X360/PS3. 
Episodes which depict the background stories of "Bungaku Shoujo" Movie's main heroines.
Based on Ekaterina Kurae's chapter 16 from the manga, and episode 10.5 of the anime.
Thirteen years have passed. Following an injury that put Gorou's career as a pitcher into a standstill, he prepares to restart his baseball career as a fielder. His family struggles with his decisions, especially his daughter Izumi, who doesn't know enough about her father to understand why he is so absent from their lives. Gorou will stop at nothing until he's in the game once again; everything is now for the sake of the only gift he has to offer his children: Baseball. 
The temptation and allure of sex can be very overpowering, leading people into situations that they never could've imagined themselves being in. HHH Triple Ecchi reveals three of these sexual expeditions across four short stories. Parts one and four showcase the blossoming relationship between the beautiful and talented Shigure Takashima and her soon-to-be lover and classmate, Komatsu Kita. When Shigure's lust and fetishes get the better of her, compelling her to please herself in the classroom after class, she had no idea that Komatsu would stumble upon her while cleaning. What could've been a nightmare for Komatsu turns into a never-ending amount of sexual adventure with Shigure's insatiable sex drive. Part two details a night between the young and busty Konomi and her neighbor, whom she's always seen as an older brother. But when he can no longer contain his attraction to Konomi's overdeveloped form, they both find themselves in the throes of a lust neither one knew existed. The third episode plays out in the bathroom of Otou-san and his daughter Miyuki. Miyuki’s suspicions of her father being a dirty old man are proven true when he can no longer hide his attraction to her and the two partake in a bath that's far more incestuous than it is cleanly. Sex is in the air and no one can deny it... or refuse it! Whether it's only for the night, or in the case of Komatsu and Shigure, the start of a high school romance, why not delve into the sexual realm of HHH Triple Ecchi to experience it for yourself?
One week after losing his wife in an accident, the father of the Makino family finds himself thinking the wrong thing about his four lovely daughters. When the rebellious Natsume gets into trouble at school, it's time for daddy dearest to administer some discipline of the sexual variety. Soon, he's giving the same treatment to motherlike Akira, over-achieving Haruka, and sickly Fuyu. Whether they want it or not. (Source: AniDB)
Naoko-san is an alien from the planet Yuri, who is plotting to conquer the Earth by yurifying it. Misuzu is a junior high girl and is always troubled by Naoko-san, who lives on the roof of her house. They hear rumors that a molester is wandering around in the area, so they decide to investigate.
For most people, wearing glasses is a necessity for clear sight, but for four young girls, their spectacles mean so much more. From a teenage girl wearing her glasses with pride and a top idol who uses hers to disguise herself as a regular person, to a couple whose bent frames bring them closer together, a good pair of glasses can not only open your eyes, but also open your heart.
Based on a manga by Mitsunaga Yasunori, serialised in Monthly Shounen Sirius. Hiyorimi Hiro moves to a new city to live with his older sister, but dies before he can find her. He then awakens to a new life as a servant of a Princess of the Monster Realm, who just happens to be employing his sister. Monsters soon appear to attack or pester the princess since she is in line for the royal throne, and Hiro must protect her with his life (and repeated deaths). (Soure: ANN)
Based on erotic game Anejiru ~Shirakawa Sanshimai ni Omakase~ by Atelier Kaguya.
Unidentified creatures "Archon" suddenly appear and bring the human beings to a crisis of extinction. A special corps "Goulart Knights" is formed to counter attack Archon. The knights have supernatural power to generate "Holy Grail" from their spirits and battle against Archon.
Prior to the events of the anime, three factions—the Garan Army, the Kiba Army, and the Aira Army, battle for total dominance of Machine Island. The island is basically a prison, isolated from the rest of the world. The island contains a vast amount of resources, allowing the three factions to create an infinite supply of giant robots for their respective armies. The world government learns that the island's power reactor has become unstable and will explode within 66 hours, destroying all of life and Earth itself. The government sends the Death Caprice squad, composed of mercenaries Ken Kaido and Ryo Magami to solve the issue, along with their giant robot Mazinkaiser, but was that a good idea?
Viewers take an exercise in the bathtub and an after-bath stretch with Hinako and the new character Hiyoko. A microSD card containing the OVA data will be bundled with the DVD so that users can watch the anime on their cell phones. Stretch Time segment included.
Sanae is the wife that anyone would be jealous of. She is young, very sexy and gentle.  However, after 4 years of marriage, her husband worries if is he good enough for his wife. For a long time he is not able to have a sex with Sanae, but she never complained about it. He starts to think of way to make his dear wife happy and finally asks for his friend to have a sex with his wife. While he's secretly watching his wife with other man, he starts to feel incredibly stimulated... 
Mahou Sensei Negima! Mou Hitotsu no Sekai extra episode featuring Yue.
Touya's days with his tutors continue as his parents are out once again, leaving them all alone with him.
Based on the manga by Yasui Riosuke. Contains minimal animation. 
Miyazawa Akina is the captain of a college softball team who has just hit a string of good luck. Her team has won the tournament, her love life is progressing well and her childhood friend has now become her boyfriend, and she recently won two tickets to a nearby hot springs. In high spirits, she fully intends to relax and celebrate her victories, but she might not be able to get much rest in such a romantic location, alone with the man she loves. (Source: ANN)
It's a quick time jump to the 26th century where a school trip to a rebuilt 21st century city turns into a wild adventure for teenaged Shinichi. While chasing a talking deer that steals his bag, he runs into a strange girl trying to elude even stranger pursuers, and then things get really wild. It's a mad dash through a city of the past as two young people discover a chance at a new future. (Source: The Anime Network)
Mikio returns to his hometown for the first time in half a year. The first thing he sees is the traditional Japanese onsen inn managed by Yukino Chitose, childhood friend and one-time lover. Despite the passing of half a year, Chitose still possessed a girlish appearance. However, the traditional clothes that she wears brings out a mature and beautiful feel about her. That night, upon conclusion of his business, he goes in search of Chitose. Hearing her voice, he follows it and comes to an outdoor bath. Peeking through a gap in the bamboo fence, he is stunned to see her with another man... (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston)
An OVA bundled with a PSP game Da Capo: D.C. I & II P.S.P. It features animated confession scenes for the four main heroines of the two games, Nemu, Kotori, Yume, and Otome. 
Seiji is a permanent part-timer. He has been dating a girl, Ai, for two years and he is now thinking about marrying her. But one day, he has a traffic accident and breaks his leg and becomes hospitalized. Ai promises, with a smile, to visit him every day. But their relationship gradually changes after his hospitalization. A real estate broker who hit Seiji. A guy at the same hospital room. A handsome doctor in charge of him. A co-worker at his shop. A nurse who is his ex-girlfriend. Various people cut in on Seiji and Ai's relationship. Will they be able to overcome it and keep their relationship?
Honami's husband, an older man named Satoshi, died in their honeymoon. Honami's dream for a happy family with him is crushed but that's not all the trouble she has to face. Satoshi's sister, Kayoko, sees Honami as responsible for his death and believes that she killed him so she can inherit his fortune. Now she plans on taking revenge and driving Honami away. Manabu, who was raised by Kayoko now finds himself pushed to help her on her revenge but Honami is still dedicated on fulfilling Satoshi's family dream with what is left from his family even if she has to take Kayoko's hate.
Yoshiyuki loves having sex with girls. He is now a teacher and enjoys sex life with female students. Now that he has had sex with almost all of students, he decides to move to a different school. His next school is a famous girls' school.... He meets various pretty girls there and soon plans to give "educational guidance" to them.... (Source: ErogeShop)
Kyle, the protagonist of this story, is one of the 7 heroes who defeated the evil overlord. After that battle he starts a conquest of the continent in order to unite the humans who live on it. Standing against Kyle is only his younger brother Syll, who is also one of the seven heroes. Kyle stole his throne, but failed to kill him. One day, another of the 7 heroes appears before Kyle. She is Nina, an elven princess. Kyle knows that Nina and Syll are lovers, and a dark desire begins to burn inside of him...
A compilation of 3 unrelated stories across 2 approximately 15 minute episodes. The Legend of Ooedo's 800 Holes Ishide Takehiko falls in a manhole and ends up in ancient Japan. After wandering with no food or water for 3 days he stumbles across run-away princess Tokugawa Tsubaki and decides to have his way with her. She doesn't protest, much. But now she expects him to what?!  Bicycle A guy ("the substitute guy") watches Wadameda Chitose ride her bike down a hill every day in her gym uniform. She uses the bumpy ride for her own personal enjoyment. He's come up with a plan to get involved with her daily activities. Winter Love Virgin science teacher Ootsuka Jinpachi one day decides that fellow teacher Matsuo Aiko's bad attitude has earned her a ravaging. He tricks her into drinking an aphrodisiac and 'researches' her with various scientific glassware and a pen before ravaging her. But she actually...?
Aki Tesno lives in a poor village at the bottom of a valley. One day, a man from an uptown city asks Aki to rescue a kidnapped girl.
This OVA features five of the most popular girls from G-Taste: Riona Kisaragi, Yuki Shihoudou, Nana Morimura, Asuka Senou and Mai Kannazuki.
Irvine Lester is an AT repairman. In order to make a living with his sister, he is secretly fighting in AT gambling matches and intentionally losing the games for money. But the other fighters find out about his excellent AT maneuvering skills and demand a real match.
Ghost Messengers are super-power agents from the underground world called the World of Death. The World of Death is a digitalized world with cutting-edge technologies that control and manage the life and death of all living things based on its elaborate systems. Our Ghost Messenger hero, Kang-lim, has been dispatched to the human world to capture the remaining ghosts who are refusing to go to the World of Death although it is their time. An accident occurs during his mission and Kang-lim gets captured in his own mobile phone. Little Kang-lim, a human boy who has extraordinary spiritual powers, finds the mobile phone and takes GhostMessenger Kang-lim out from the mobile phone. And the adventure begins. (Source: Anime World Network)
Located far from town, standing on a headland, is Ginga Private Academy. The school buildings are refined and graceful, and waterways wend through the grounds. It is a large facility with 600 students in primary, middle, and high school sections, all studying the performing arts. One spring, a certain boy transfers in...
Tachikawa Himeko is a plain high school girl. One day, a handsome boy Mikami Tochiotome starts to lodge at her house. He likes to dress in drag and his fashion awakes Himeko to sense of beauty.
A third set of animated shorts featuring the popular Imagin characters from the Japanese live-action series "Kamen Rider Den-O".
"Hell" is the place where a person is sent to who committed violent crimes when they were alive. Shinigami are forbidden to go there. One day, prisoners revolt and make their escape to Karakura—the real world—where Ichigo and his friends live in. Ichigo and his friends are defeated one after the other by prisoners with overwhelming power. A mysterious man appears who comes to their rescue. With Kokutou leading the way, Ichigo, Rukia, Uryuu, and Renji marche into Hell to save the world. Note: Episode 299 of Bleach serves as a prologue to this movie. (Source: AniDB, edited)
Rune Balot is a down-and-out teen prostitute in Mardock City. One day, she's picked up by an ambitious casino manager named Shell who gives her everything she could want. Renewed by a false innocence, a false past, and now the false life Shell has given her, Balot feels grateful. However, she can't help but be curious about why he's done so much for her, so she does some research about his past on a computer. This turns out to be a mistake which will change her life greatly. When Shell finds out what she's done, he attempts to burn her to death by blowing up her car. Due to the high crime rate in Mardock, a new law called "Scramble 09" has given police carte blanche to take extreme and otherwise illegal measures to revive crime witnesses. With this in mind, they allow a professor to bring Balot back from the brink of death by reassembling her entire body with reinforced synthetic fiber. When she finally wakes up, her confused mental state eventually turns toward revenge as Shell is revealed as her killer. (Source: Nippon Cinema)
Fourth Break Blade Movie.
An organization in the future sends the specially trained Team Ogre to defeat Endou Mamoru and his team, to prevent him from influencing the world with his soccer. (Source: AniDB)
A Festum gains Life. It wanted to be a human. Yes, to be a man named Minashiro Soushi. That's why I'm here.
A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two.
Sakura Kurumi, Erika's mother, is preparing for a fashion show in Paris. The girls of the school's fashion club are going to model there, including some high school students. While in Paris, they meet a mysterious boy named Oliver. However, Baron Salamander of the Desert Apostles appears, and the girls transform into Pretty Cures to defend Paris.
In a lonesome water mill deep in a forest of briers and brambles lives a witch named Baba Yaga. There the witch keeps her servant the Egg Princess confined and forces the tiny egg-girl to do all the hard daily chores around the mill. One night, a large batch of kneaded dough resting in a trough suddenly comes to life from the witch's spell. Fearful of the witch, the Egg Princess and her new friend decide to run away. What will lay ahead for the two of them...? (Source: Official Website)
The story takes place in approximately the year 3000, when humankind arrived at the peak of its civilization, but is losing its will to keep living. It follows a girl, called "princess" by those around her, who lives on a small island with a fifty-person colony and a shining coral reef. She is a descendant of the Moon people, and the story focuses on how her ancestors supposedly came to Earth. 
A project made to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Animate mascot character Anime Tenchou, screened at the Animate Ichioshi Bishoujo Matsuri event in Tokyo. (Source: AniDB)
The stop-motion animated film based on Russia's Cheburashka character. 
Can you share the yearning for space? An astronomy boy has grown up into an artist painting the universe, the world of Greek myths including the zodiac, and a variety of scenes with starry sky. The fulldome screen projects his fantastic CG movies. You will also see a live-action movie of the total solar eclipse in 2003 which was observed for the first time in human history in Antarctica. Receive a message from the artist, KAGAYA: "Enjoy science and art." "Chase your dreams!" (Source: KAGAYA Studio)
In 2050, the world's climate has changed for the worse. One rainy day, Tamala saves a honeybee named Kuronosuke from drowning in a gutter. As the last bee of the cat world, he invites Tamala on a magical journey back in time—back to our near future.  With Tamala's era quickly approaching, civilization has begun to waste and destroy the nature that lie around them. Roving around a land where all other animals are extinct, she finally begins to starve.. Until Kuronosuke offers himself as food.  (Source: Official site, edited)
A scientific animation and the second project of Anime Innovation Tokyo, THINK Corporation and Tokyo Metropolitan Government's investment initiative to sponsor animation works by independant animators or small studios What would be your guess of the world's fastest moving transport? Haley is a student at the school of wizardry, doing nothing but racing with his friends on flying broomsticks. One day, Haley's teacher unveils one of his latest inventions - magic goggles that measure the speed of moving objects, simply by wearing them. He has Haley and his friends use these goggles and compete against each other to decide who will measure the fastest speed of any surrounding animal. Peter, frustrated after losing against Haley, challenges him to another match and the two head toward the human world, taking with them an advanced magic broomstick their teacher had developed. Although this broomstick was incomplete, Haley and Peter succeed in flying around the human world to discover the fastest moving object. Now, what do you suppose this could be...?! (Source: AniDB)
A 3D theatrical anime adaptation. Mother is having a very lucky day but gets struck by lightening on her way home from shopping. From it she gains telekinesis and uses it to level up her housewife skills. Eventually she branches out into being a vigilante when her family gets tired of her powers. But while fulfilling her desire to be a cool super powered woman, she neglects her family duties. During a fight she accidentally hurts Mikan and starts to have a break down, which puts her powers out of control and threatens the safety of everyone in the whole apartment building.
The story follows 12 bear cubs living in a dormitory on the top of a mountain. (Source: AniDB)
The sequel to Kamiusagi Rope; it also aired in between commercials at theaters.
A film encompassing five short stories, presented in an animated 3D method.
Unaired episodes of Angel Beats! included in the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and DVD, and another included in the Blu-ray Box.
Disillusioned with the afterlife, a new student causes a scene during a classroom test and expresses his doubts about whether getting good grades can really lead to escaping the school and ascending to Heaven. Afterwards, he is confronted by the new student council president—a familiar face whose past experiences give him powerful insight into the true nature of the school and first-hand knowledge regarding the futility of rebellion. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
According to the Kuroshitsuji website, there are 6 OVAs included in the DVD releases. DVD 2: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 1) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 3: Welcome to the Phantomhive's This is meant to be like a simulation game. Elizabeth invites a lady (perhaps the viewer) to join her at a ball held at the Phantomhive mansion. DVD 5: The Making of Kuroshitsuji II This is a Hollywood style documentary with behind the scenes interviews with Sebastian, Ciel, Claude and Alois etc. DVD 6: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 2) This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story. DVD 8: The Tale of William the Shinigami William and Grell have to train new shinigami and reminisce about when they were training partners. DVD 9: The Spider's Intention The life in Trancy household and how those work under Alois is caring for him.
DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou.
The story follows the "strongest juvenile delinquent", Oga Tatsumi, a first year in "Ishiyama High" the school for delinquents. One day while sleeping next to a river he sees a man floating down it, he pulls him to shore and the man splits in half revealing a baby boy. This boy is the son of the demon king and he has been chosen as the one to raise it with the baby's demon maid Hilda. The story follows his life with the child and at the delinquent school. (Source: Wikipedia)
The six Blu-ray Disc/DVD volumes for the MM! television anime series will each include one or two new, "somewhat extreme" anime short stories.
According to Tsutaya Online, the DVD of Gintama: Shinyaku Benizakura-hen will be released on December 15th. A new special will be bundled with the limited edition.  It's the running gag of Ben Johnson episode where animation staff reuse the New Years footage; Yorozuya would sit around the kotatsu eating a bowl of tangerines. They discuss elaborate subjects, Shinpachi complains about reusing animation footage, and then Gin-chan always ending the gag with a pointless announcement.
Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays.
Special episodes from the BD/DVDs.
Recap episode. Includes re-edited footage from episode 1 up to episode 15. Iris is narrating along with Sion. 
A collaboration anime project of Anime Tenchou and Touhou animated by ufotable. The anime was shown at the 2010 Animate Ichioshi Bishojo Anime Matsuri.
Nurarihyon no Mago Recaps.
(No synopsis yet.)
Summary of the first season of Hakuouki Shinsengumi Kitan. Aired the week before the second season began. 
Short spin-off episodes included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the main series.
According to HMV, the DVD & Blu-ray volume 7 of Ookiku Furikabutte ~Natsu no Taikai Hen~ will include an unaired episode 12.5. Director Mizushima posted in his blog that the special was made because they couldn't put the original manga episodes happened between the episode 12 and 13 within the TV series.
A special shown at the Jump Super Anime Tour 2010. It was later released as an extra accompanying Nurarihyon no Mago Blu-ray Box 1. 
Tegamibachi Reverse DVD short extra episodes.
An exclusive sequel included in the DVD Box of Uchuu Kaizoku Sara.
Picture dramas included with the first and third limited edition DVD volumes.
Random side-stories focusing on Kojuurou "Right Eye of the Dragon" Katakura in chibi form.
Special shown at the Jump Super Anime Tour in 2010.
Picture drama included with the 7th volume of the Blu-ray.
The Divine Warriors were defeated by the Darkness and vanished far into the space-time.  In the world in chaos, a samurai ZAN realizes his mission and travels beyond the space-time to gather the scattered warriors.  In order to beat the corps of the Darkness, ZAN tries to acquire the Dark Power... Note: While a minute long trailer was released, the feature length film was never produced.
Specials of 4 minutes which recounts the adventures of Kerberotte-chan including characters of Princess Resurrection.
An exclusive alternate (happy) ending included in the DVD Box of Shion.
A short 3D CGI anime of Cyborg 009 produced by director Oshii Mamoru.
A 3 minute promotional episode of Nougyou Musume, titled Episode 0. The story centers around Hikari and Hikaru Koshino, two sisters who take care of the paddy they inherited from their parents. Together, the sisters grow rice and hang out with their friends in the local area. (Source: Neregate)
A special episode included on the Chainsaw Maid DVD.
Specials included on the DVDs for the second season.
Two unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray and the DVD.
