Lonely high school student, Yukiteru Amano, spends his days writing a diary on his cellphone, while conversing with his two seemingly imaginary friends Deus Ex Machina, who is the god of time and space, and Murmur, the god's servant. Revealing himself to be an actual entity, Deus grants Yukiteru a "Random Diary," which shows highly descriptive entries based on the future and forces him into a bloody battle royale with 11 other holders of similarly powerful future diaries. With the last person standing designated as the new god of time and space, Yukiteru must find and kill the other 11 in order to survive. He reluctantly teams up with his obsessive stalker Yuno Gasai (who also possesses such a diary), and she takes it upon herself to ensure his safety. But there's more to the girl than meets the eye, as she might have other plans for her unrequited love... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the promise of granting any wish, the omnipotent Holy Grail triggered three wars in the past, each too cruel and fierce to leave a victor. In spite of that, the wealthy Einzbern family is confident that the Fourth Holy Grail War will be different; namely, with a vessel of the Holy Grail now in their grasp. Solely for this reason, the much hated "Magus Killer" Kiritsugu Emiya is hired by the Einzberns, with marriage to their only daughter Irisviel as binding contract. Kiritsugu now stands at the center of a cutthroat game of survival, facing off against six other participants, each armed with an ancient familiar, and fueled by unique desires and ideals. Accompanied by his own familiar, Saber, the notorious mercenary soon finds his greatest opponent in Kirei Kotomine, a priest who seeks salvation from the emptiness within himself in pursuit of Kiritsugu. Based on the light novel written by Gen Urobuchi, Fate/Zero depicts the events of the Fourth Holy Grail War—10 years prior to Fate/stay night. Witness a battle royale in which no one is guaranteed to survive. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Japan, 2039. Ten years after the outbreak of the "Apocalypse Virus," an event solemnly regarded as "Lost Christmas," the once proud nation has fallen under the rule of the GHQ, an independent military force dedicated to restoring order. Funeral Parlor, a guerilla group led by the infamous Gai Tsutsugami, act as freedom fighters, offering the only resistance to GHQ's cruel despotism.  Inori Yuzuriha, a key member of Funeral Parlor, runs into the weak and unsociable Shuu Ouma during a crucial operation, which results in him obtaining the "Power of Kings"—an ability which allows the wielder to draw out the manifestations of an individual's personality, or "voids." Now an unwilling participant in the struggle against GHQ, Shuu must learn to control his newfound power if he is to help take back Japan once and for all.  Guilty Crown follows the action-packed story of a young high school student who is dragged into a war, possessing an ability that will help him uncover the secrets of the GHQ, Funeral Parlor, and Lost Christmas. However, he will soon learn that the truth comes at a far greater price than he could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When Kodaka Hasegawa finds out that he will be transferring to a new school, he is determined to make a positive impression, and maybe even some friends. However, Kodaka discovers he is out of luck when he immediately gets labeled as a violent delinquent due to his blond hair and intimidating expression. Although a month has passed, Kodaka is still alone thanks to his notorious reputation. However, his life begins to change when he finds fellow loner Yozora Mikazuki talking to her imaginary friend in an empty classroom. After sharing stories of their lonely high school life, Kodaka and Yozora decide to overcome the difficulties of making friends together by starting the Neighbor's Club. Created for people who don't have friends, daily activities involve learning social skills and how to fit in, which will hopefully allow them to make friends. Joined by the eroge-loving Sena Kashiwazaki, and other eccentric outcasts, Kodaka may finally have managed to find people he can call friends, in this club filled with hilarious oddballs. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Chihaya Ayase, a strong-willed and tomboyish girl, grows up under the shadow of her older sister. With no dreams of her own, she is contented with her share in life till she meets Arata Wataya. The quiet transfer student in her elementary class introduces her to competitive karuta, a physically and mentally demanding card game inspired by the classic Japanese anthology of Hundred Poets. Captivated by Arata's passion for the game and inspired by the possibility of becoming the best in Japan, Chihaya quickly falls in love with the world of karuta. Along with the prodigy Arata and her haughty but hard-working friend Taichi Mashima, she joins the local Shiranami Society. The trio spends their idyllic childhood days playing together, until circumstances split them up. Now in high school, Chihaya has grown into a karuta freak. She aims to establish the Municipal Mizusawa High Competitive Karuta Club, setting her sights on the national championship at Omi Jingu. Reunited with the now indifferent Taichi, Chihaya's dream of establishing a karuta team is only one step away from becoming true: she must bring together members with a passion for the game that matches her own. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the serialization of their new manga, "Detective Trap," the writer-artist team, Akito Takagi and Moritaka Mashiro, better known by their pseudonym Ashirogi Muto, are one step closer to becoming world-renowned mangaka. For Mashiro, however, serialization is just the first step. Having promised to marry his childhood sweetheart and aspiring voice actress, Azuki Miho, once his manga gets an anime adaptation, Mashiro must continue his to popularize Ashirogi's work. A tremendously competitive cast of ambitious mangaka—including the wild genius, Eiji Niizuma; the elegant student, Yuriko Aoki, and her older admirer and partner, Takurou Nakai; the lazy prodigy, Kazuya Hiramaru; and the abrasive artist, Shinta Fukuda—both support and compete against Ashirogi Muto in creating the next big hit. As they adjust to their young and seemingly untested new editor, the dynamic duo struggle to maintain their current serialization, secure the top stop in Shounen Jack, and ultimately, achieve an anime adaptation of their manga. With new rivals and friends, Bakuman. 2nd Season continues Takagi and Mashiro's inspiring story of hard work and young love. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
April 6th, 2011—that was the day that 15-year-old You Satou was knocked unconscious while reaching for a half-priced bento, a prepackaged meal sold at the supermarket. By the time he woke up on the ground, all the bento boxes were gone. He left the supermarket hungry and in pain, only for the same thing to happen the next day. You soon learn that, in the world of Ben-To, discounted bentos are sacred and highly-sought after, and in order to get one, you needed to fight your way to the top. These bento brawls are fought by experienced fighters known as “Wolves”, who leave the inexperienced and weak “Dogs” like him lying on the ground in defeat. In a world where the weak are left hungry and only the strong can dine, You must train under the guidance of the silver-haired “Ice Queen”, Sen Yarizui, to become a bento-eating wolf himself. 
The samurai are a very important part of Japan's history, and to be related to them in any way is probably one of the most inspiring things that a young high school student could hope for. Kawakami City is well-known for having many samurai ancestors among its citizens, and is generally surrounded by an atmosphere of fighting spirit, loyalty, and dedication to work. In Maji de Watashi ni Koi Shinasai!, the students of Kawakami Academy use this knowledge on a daily basis, whether they are studying for exams, competing in sports competitions, or making sure that they take very good care of their traditions. Yamato Naoe is one such student, and his six closest friends (three boys and three girls) make up the perfect team for friendship, rivalry, and motivation. However, even samurai have weaknesses. Although the balance and long friendship of their group has been undisturbed for a long time, when two new girls enter the group, things start to get a lot more interesting. Not only must they maintain what they think is the samurai tradition, but they must now also do it with a lot of "distractions."
Yuu Narukami moves to Inaba, a seemingly quiet and ordinary town, where he quickly befriends the clumsy transfer student Yousuke Hanamura, the energetic Chie Satonaka, and the beautiful heiress Yukiko Amagi. Shortly after Yuu's arrival, a chain of mysterious killings begin to occur on foggy days. At the same time, rumors about a strange television channel—dubbed the "Midnight Channel"—spread like wildfire; when staring into their TV screen at midnight, a person may see their soul mate. After witnessing the most recent murder victim on the Midnight Channel, Yuu attempts to watch it again, only to realize that he can traverse into the TV and reach another world overrun with "Shadows," evil creatures of the dark. Realizing the link behind the hidden dimension and the murders, Yuu and his friends attempt to crack the cases by exploring the diabolical world of the Midnight Channel using their "Personas," awakened manifestations of their "true selves."  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuji disappeared the fateful night he was supposed to choose between a life combating evil by Shana's side or as a normal teenager. He returns from near-death to lead the Crimson Denizens in a dubious plot to bring peace to the universe, but Shana isn't fooled. In an explosive reunion, the fiery warrior faces her unlikeliest of foes while Flame Hazes from across the world join forces to ignite a war that will determine the fate of all supernatural kind. (Source: FUNimation)
The exciting antics of Wagnaria return as more ridiculous incidents occur, friendships are deepened, and new feelings are discovered. In addition to Souta Takanashi and his wacky co-workers, more eccentric personalities join the family restaurant: Haruna, Hyougo Otoo's missing wife, who has a habit of getting hopelessly lost through the sewer system; Kirio Yamada, Aoi's older brother, who is able to withstand Mahiru Inami's deadly punches; and twins Youhei and Mitsuki Mashiba, Kyouko Shirafuji's juniors who do not get along. Absurdity, romance, and hilarity are all on the menu for the Wagnaria family restaurant! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on the manga series by Hiromitsu Takeda, this romantic comedy is about Takeru Ohyama, a typical perverted teenage boy. His new school doesn't require entrance exams, and it just turned co-ed! Unfortunately, his dreams of a happy high school life are dashed when he finds out the school is much more than it seems. All of the students wield a special item—a Maken—to unleash their magical abilities in duels! Can Takeru find a Maken that works for him? Even while trying to fit in at a new school and dealing with all kinds of girl problems? (Source: FUNimation)
From the light novel series written by Minase Hazuki, comes a story of love, action, and comedy. Yachi Haruaki is a high school boy who is naturally resistant to curses. After his father sends him a mysterious black cube, Haruaki awakes to find a nude girl named Fear standing in his kitchen. She’s the human form of the cursed black cube – and an instrument of torture! Utilizing her special abilities, Fear fights alongside Haruaki to defeat other cursed instruments and their owners. (Source: FUNimation)
In the far future, humans abandon a devastated Earth and traveled to outer space. However, due to unknown phenomenon that prevents them from traveling into space, humanity returns to Earth only to find it inhospitable except for Japan. To accommodate the entire human population, pocket dimensions are created around Japan to house in the populace. In order to find a way to return to outer space, the humans began reenacting human history according to the Holy book Testament. But in the year 1413 of the Testament Era, the nations of the pocket dimensions invade and conquer Japan, dividing the territory into feudal fiefdoms and forcing the original inhabitants of Japan to leave. It is now the year 1648 of the Testament Era, the refugees of Japan now live in the city ship Musashi, where it constantly travels around Japan while being watched by the Testament Union, the authority that runs the re-enactment of history. However, rumors of an apocalypse and war begin to spread when the Testament stops revealing what happens next after 1648. Taking advantage of this situation, Toori Aoi, head of Musashi Ariadust Academy's Supreme Federation and President of the student council, leads his fellow classmates to use this opportunity to regain their homeland. (Source: Wikipedia)
The high school students in Kimi to Boku. consider their school life to be anything but exciting. A repetitive journey through classes, arguments, and orientations for future careers that seem way too distant. But with the right group of friends, time can be made to move a little faster. Four high school boys, who have known each other since childhood, hang out together in school every day. There's the handsome twins Yuuki and Yuuta Asaba, the gentle Shun Matsuoka, and the calm class head Kaname Tsukahara. Although they have become used to a lack of excitement in their lives, the addition of a new transfer student, Chizuru Tachibana, who is half German and half Japanese, may add a little more adventure to their routine. With his energetic personality and stories from a distant country, Chizuru may be able to light up the dull atmosphere of the group.
In a dystopian future, detective Shinjuurou Yuuki—known by some as the "Defeated Detective"—solves mysteries throughout Tokyo. Aided by his odd associate Inga, Shinjuurou's insight and ingenuity in cracking cases, particularly homicides, lead to numerous mysteries solved and culprits caught. However, his partner seems to have some other, more sinister intentions for the people they catch, and the truth of the assistant's identity and motivation is shrouded in secrecy. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When boys suddenly get into places where they've never been allowed before, some girls tend to get upset. So when the decision is made to merge the elite Yuihime Girls' Private Academy and the coeducational Kagamidai Private Academy, everyone wants to take extra care in avoiding trouble while bringing the two Privates together. Therefore, rather than just bringing the Kagamidai boys into the Yuihime girls' school all at once, a plan is concocted in which a group of test males will be inserted into the Girls' Private Academy first. Thus, poor young Shingo finds himself being thrown as a sacrificial lamb to the lionesses of Yuihime, who aren't exactly waiting for him with open arms. Will Shingo manage to survive the estrogen soaked death pit that is Yuihime? Can the girls learn to be more receptive to the boys? And just how long until something involving panties will cause emotions to flare, sparks to fly and the battle of the sexes to explode? (Source: Sentai Filmworks, edited)
Second season of Sekaiichi Hatsukoi.
Kaito Daimon would be a completely average high school student except for one thing: he's a 'demon' at solving puzzles. Kaito is so brilliant, in fact, that when he's asked to take some 'special' tests of his unique ability, he immediately suspects that the test itself is a test. Kaito suddenly finds himself caught up in a lethal Philosopher's Puzzle made by the sinister group POG, a murderous maze of trap upon trap, where failing to solve the secret correctly will result in death! Fortunately, Kaito's skills prove up to the first test, both for himself and his childhood friend Nanoha, who is also caught up in the deadly scheme. But now that he has been designated as a Solver, he is pulled into a new life where he must travel the world with other Solvers, attempting to solve the latest deadly riddles left by POG. There's a new conundrum around every corner and each deception could lead to death, but once a riddle has been posed, you can count on Kaito to unfold, unravel and unlock it! (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
After regaining her squid-like abilities, Ika Musume plans to resume her self-appointed mission to destroy all of humanity. However, her carefree job as a waitress in the Lemon beach house meant she cannot help but laze around during her spare time! On top of that, she is saddled with many problems, such as being pursued by a group of alien-obsessed individuals and catching the interest of a crazy girl.  Picking up after the conclusion of the first season, Shinryaku!? Ika Musume follows the hilarious life of Ika Musume as she plots her next invasion of the surface world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"I've made up my mind! I'm going to steal that ship!" All source of life originates from the Grand Lake. At this very sacred lake, the battle between the Ades Federation and the Turan Kingdom has just begun. The Ades Federation, armed with massive battleships and its sights set on conquering the world, declares war on the Turan Kingdom. With the Federation's troops encroaching on their beloved country, Turan now lies on the brink of collapse. As this is happening, the princesses of Turan look on as a small vanship named Vespa cruises above their heads. "We shall now commandeer your flagship and take her from this battlefield. The choice is yours. Die here, or survive with us Sky Pirates!" The Vespa continues to weave through the barrage of bombs, while the fleets of the Federation close in on Turan. What are the motives of Luscinia, the man leading the Ades Federation into the war? And what is the secret behind "Exile"? (Source: Animax, edited)
As a little girl, Fuu Sawatari’s father taught her to love photography. They took pictures everywhere they went. But after he passed away, seeing those photographs only served as a reminder of her loss, so she locked them away to be forgotten. Years later, her brother Kou finds their father’s picture album, and as he flips through its pages, the pictures remind Fuu of all the happy memories of her father that she will carry with her forever. Now, as the shy Fuu enters her first year of high school, she once again takes up her father’s old camera, determined to take wonderful pictures that will bring joy and happiness to others. (Source: Nozomi Entertainment)
In A.G. 101 (the 101st year of the Advanced Generation calendar) a mysterious entity known only as "UE", or "unknown enemy", attacks and destroys the space colony Angel. This brutal attack becomes infamous as the "The Day the Angel Fell", and marks the beginning of humanity's war for survival.  The series begins in A.G. 108 when the UE attack the space colony Ovan, where Flit Asuno lives with his mother. Flit's mother is killed by the UE, and in her belongings (in an object called a "AGE Device") he discovers the blueprints for a powerful weapon from the past - the ancient messiah named "Gundam."  From these blueprints, Flit spends the next several years studying engineering at an Earth Federation base on the Nora space colony and designing the AGE-1 Gundam. Seven years later, in A.G. 115, Flit completes the Gundam, just as the UE attack Nora. Flit and his lineage's battle piloting the AGE-1 to protect mankind is about to begin.  (Source: GoodAnime.net)
Digimon Xros Wars: Toki wo Kakeru Shounen Hunter-tachi takes place one year after the defeat of Bagramon and company. Since then, Taiki Kudou and Yuu Amano have formed a basketball team with Yuu’s classmate, Tagiru Akashi. One day, Tagiru discovers a strange area called the DigiQuartz, a strange and unstable realm that exists between the human and digital worlds. He then realises that children all over the world have obtained Xros Loaders as well as Digimon partners to participate in a competition called the 'Digimon Hunt'. Digimon that wander from the digital world into the DigiQuartz are able to feed off of what negative emotions leak in from the human world. This makes the Digimon stronger at the expense of being extremely violent. As a result, the Digimon Hunters must work to stop these Digimon from wreaking havoc in the human world. Joined by the troublemaking Gumdramon, Tagiru aims to become the top Digimon Hunter, all the while unaware of Taiki and Yuu’s previous Digimon connections. Yet a sinister force lurks with the creation of the DigiQuartz, and the young Hunters will soon realize that the Digimon Hunt is much more than a simple game...
Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans)
The second season of Morita-san wa Mukuchi that directly follows the first.
A school comedy with violent and blue jokes. Fujiwara Megumi is a beautiful high school girl but has a selfish and violent character. She has a boyfriend named Matsumoto Masamune, but she often goes around with other boys, who end up as victims due to her selfish behavior.
Based on the online mobile phone otome game "Sengoku☆Paradise". The first 3 minutes of the 10 minute spot for Sengoku☆Paradise Kiwami is the anime. The rest of the 7 minutes is of Sengoku☆Paradise Kiwami cast members Daisuke Namikawa and others (first time with Tetsuya Kakihara, second time with Rei Mochizuki) going on missions, plus an informative short.
gdgd Fairies is a short animation about a trio of fairies who live in the Forest of Fairies, and whatever trivial and queer subjects they decide to ramble about.
A rumor has spread amongst the children worldwide regarding the popular B-Daman matches: A select group will be allowed to participate in an upcoming secret competition, known as "Cross Fight"!  (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston) 
Hajime Hinobori, whose parents love him, built a battle system to fulfill his dream of seeing the spirits alive and battle for him. He went on a journey with his friends and joined many tournaments. He entered the Battle Spirits World Competition to test his skills on different card battlers. New cards called Burst are introduced and added to the Battle Spirits franchise. (Source: Battle-spirits Wikia) 
Emiri Katou and Kaori Fukuhara, the voice actresses best known for playing the Hiiragi twins in Lucky Star, will headline Ad Lib Anime Kenkyūsho (Ad Lib Anime Laboratory), an experimental anime series which will premiere on the satellite channel BS Fuji on October 15. Katou (as "Chief Researcher No. 001"), Fukuhara ("Chief Researcher No. 002"), and a guest star "researcher" will ad lib each weekly episode's script entirely from scratch. Animators will then take the ad-libbed dialogue and create footage based on them — instead of the castmembers voice-acting to existing scripts and footage, as most anime are made. (Source: ANN)
More about the hapless life of Osamu Fujiyama, 33 years old and NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training).
A series of short comedic parodies on Japanese folklore.
A Chinese prince meets a regular civilian during his travels and quickly falls in love. They marry and have a daughter, but the prince is soon separated from them during a rebellion. Many years later, the prince has become emperor and locates his lost daughter. She comes to live with him, but unfortunately has picked up several unrefined habits during her times as a civilian.
The second season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
The fifth season of the Dokan-kun franchise. It aired within the "Dejisuta Teens" variety program.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For the Takakura family, destiny is an ever-spinning wheel, pointing passionately in their direction with equal tides of joy and sorrow before ticking on to the next wishmaker. With their parents gone, twin brothers Kanba and Shouma live alone with their beloved little sister Himari, whose poor health cannot decline any further. On the day Himari is given permission to temporarily leave the hospital, her brothers take her out to the aquarium to celebrate, where the family's supposed fate is brought forth with her sudden collapse. However, when Himari is inexplicably revived by a penguin hat from the aquarium's souvenir shop, the hand of fate continues to tick faithfully forward. With her miraculous recovery, though, comes a cost: there is a new entity within her body, whose condition for keeping her fate at bay sends the boys on a wild goose chase for the mysterious "Penguin Drum." In their search, the boys will have to follow the threads of fate leading from their own shocking past and into the lives of other wishmakers vying for the Penguin Drum, all hoping to land upon their chosen destiny. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
At Kaimei High School there is a special club dedicated to helping others known as the SKET Brigade. The brains of the group is Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, a tech-savvy otaku who speaks through speech synthesis software, while the brawn is provided by Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, the hockey stick-wielding girl once known as "Onihime." And last but not least, their leader is Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, whose latent ability is evoked by his goggles, allowing him to summon the awesome power of extraordinary concentration.  However, most of the school only know them as the club that handles odd jobs. Many of their days are spent in the clubroom slacking off, but when there is something to be done, they give their all to help others—usually in sincere, but unintentionally hilarious, ways. The SKET Brigade do all they can to provide support, kindness, encouragement, and troubleshooting to any students crazy enough to ask for their services.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
765 Production Studio manages the unique talents of 13 professional idols as they slowly make their way to the top and become country-wide celebrities. But the girls' journey is far from just fun and games: hard work, sweat, and tears are some of the prerequisites needed to flourish in this industry—and for 765 Pro in particular, a watchful eye out for their rival, the infamous 961 Production. As the girls' fame grows, however, their time together as a family diminishes, and now the very popularity they sought is threatening to tear them apart. A difficult balance of work and bonding must be achieved, or they risk everyone going their separate ways. The personal and professional ordeals of these idols can't be conquered alone, but with each other's loving support, any obstacle or hardship can be overcome! [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
At first glance, Nura Rikuo seems like nothing more than a normal middle-schooler. In actual fact, he is grandson of Nurarihyon, master of a youkai clan. Having only recently resolved the hostilities between the Nura Clan and the Shikoku Yokai, Rikuo finds no rest as an ancient enemy of the Nura Clan, Haguromo-Gitsune, resurfaces. After 400 years of inactivity, Haguromo-Gitsune suddenly sweeps through Kyoto with overwhelming power. (Source: AniDB)
Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Satoshi, headed off to the Isshu region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Houen, and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Shooty and the region's Professor Araragi, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Dent, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Sanyou City Gym Leaders. 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Yu☆Gi☆Oh! Zexal follows the adventures of Yuuma Tsukumo in his hometown, the futuristic city of Heartland. Yuuma is an amateur duelist who wants to become the world's greatest Duel Monsters champion, having learned the basics of dueling from his father who disappeared long ago under mysterious circumstances. Always pushing himself to the limit in order to prove himself, Yuuma soon finds himself outmatched when dueling a bully to recover his friend's stolen cards. Just as hope seems lost, a mysterious spirit named Astral appears and helps Yuuma to win the duel. Astral explains that his memories have been lost and split into 99 cards called Numbers that have been scattered all over the world. These Numbers are extremely dangerous; each card has a will of its own and can possess any duelist who uses it by bringing out the deepest, and often darkest, desires of that person's heart. Seeing that Astral is a skilled duelist and wanting to better himself, Yuuma reluctantly agrees to assist Astral in recovering the Numbers. But Yuuma and Astral are not the only Number Hunters out there and many of the other parties seeking these powerful cards have much more malicious desires than recovering lost memories.
Tenma Matsukaze is a new student at Raimon Junior High. Due to his love for soccer, he decides to join the school soccer team, which gained its reputation after the amazing performance shown ten years earlier in the Football Frontier International, a tournament that hosts the best youth teams the world has to offer. Unfortunately, the once renowned school doesn't have the soccer spirit it once enjoyed. This is primarily due to the fact that soccer in Japan is now controlled by a dark entity known as the "Fifth Sector." They alone decide the fate of every match, instructing teams to either win or lose. The actions of the Fifth Sector have beaten down the country’s soccer teams, who no longer have a love for the game. Tenma and his teammates will look to shift this paradigm and fight back against their evil oppressors. Thankfully, they will not be alone in this battle, as they will get help from a group known as the "Resistance." Cheer on the boys of Inazuma Eleven Go as they fight the good fight!
Cardfight!! Vanguard features a world where the game Cardfight!! Vanguard is becoming the latest craze among trading card games, becoming a part of everyday life for people all over the world. The game is not limited to Earth alone; battles between the creatures used by the players take place on another planet called Cray. The story begins with Aichi Sendou, a timid middle schooler whose meek attitude often leaves him a target for bullies. Aichi was given a very rare card, "Blaster Blade", when he was very young. It's his one treasure that gives him hope. That is, until it gets taken from him. Although Aichi has never played Cardfight!! Vanguard before, he challenges the thief to a game in order to win the "Blaster Blade" back. This high-stakes game quickly draws Aichi into the world of Vanguard battles, which will test and change his worth as both a player and a person. 
Drago is unable to control the powers he has received from Code Eve, so Dan and Drago contemplate retirement. Meanwhile a new and insidious enemy infiltrates Bakugan Interspace shaking the Battle Brawlers and their fans. The Battle Brawlers must find a way to control Code Eve's powers, with the help of some new allies, or else this new threat could threaten all Bakugan everywhere. (Source: ANN)
The story is set during Japan's Sengoku Jidai (Era of the Warring States) and centers on Furuta Sasuke, a vassal of the great warlord Oda Nobunaga and a man obsessed with tea ceremony and material desires in his pursuit of a fortuitous life. Having learned from Oda and the legendary tea master Sen no Soueki, Furuta walks the way of the Hyouge Mono. (Source: ANN)
In the Cosmos, an unusual event has occurred. Taking a break from their latest triumph over Faust and the Spiral Core, Ginga and Co find themselves saving a boy named Yuki from a mysterious youth named Johannes. Although Yuki is a boy genius and an astronomer, he is a Blader who owns “Anubius”. Yuki says that he has come to tell Ginga and his friends about the voice of the Star Fragment. He witnessed the Star Fragment (a meteor) fall from the sky one day. That single light dwells within Anubius and he says that he heard the voice of the Star Fragment that evening. A great evil is trying to revive the “Black Sun” and "Nemesis", the god of destruction, by using the unknown power of the Star Fragment and destroy the world. Ginga and his friends must fight again, just as soon as they get the hang of their new 4D system beys! The episode numbers continue from 103. 
Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy. (Source: AniDB)
Kanon Town is filled with music. Hibiki Houjou and Kanade Minamino have grown up in this town and have known each other since they were children. However, they no longer get along. One day the fairy Hummy from the land of music, Major Land, appears before them. The evil king Mephisto of Minor Land is planning to turn the legendary Melody of Happiness into the Melody of Misfortune. To prevent this from happening, Hibiki and Kanade transform themselves into Pretty Cure. Kanade and Hibiki have to learn to work together to collect the scattered notes of the Melody of Happiness in order to recreate the score!
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
In 2046, a revolutionary 80% shock-absorbing reinforced cardboard has been developed, rapidly transforming the world's exports. The reinforced cardboard would soon become the battleground for a popular children's hobby called "LBX" (Little Battler eXperience). Four years later, a boy named Yamano Ban who loves to play with LBX (although without a mecha himself) is given a case containing the model AX-00 by a mysterious woman. He is told that he now holds the hopes and despairs of mankind in his hands.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi.
Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
Short episodes of Hime Chen! Otogi Chikku Idol Lilpri that aired as part of TV Tokyo's morning program block for children, Norinori♪Norisuta (のりのり♪のりスタ).
Duel Masters Victory is the 7th season of the Duel Masters Anime series.  As shown in Episode 32 of Duel Masters Versus, this storyline follows the events of the Duel Masters: Star Cross manga instead of Cross Shock. It introduces a new protagonist named Katta Kirifuda, the brother of Shobu. He wants to be a dueling champion like his brother Shobu, but in his own way. The series shows the beginning of his dueling adventures with his friends, Bucyake, Yohdel and Benchan. During these adventures he considers Dragon Ryu a fierce duelist as his rival. This series also features the story behind the battle between the races of Hunters and Aliens. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings.  (Source: ANN) 
After the fairies defeated Gunala, the Evil Goddess, another crisis hit the Fairy Castle!! The magical energy of the world has been devoured by the evil wizards. The Rainbow Flower, the source of the magic power, is soon to wither, and this will destroy the world of Fairy Castle. Only finding the legendary Rainbow Heart Stone and letting it recollect all the essential energy can save the world. To solve this biggest crisis in the history of the Fairy Castle, Prince YouLe, Sally, and their new friend XiaoQian, have to go back to the human world and reunite with Maggie and Michelle to fight the evil again. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited)
Second season of Kakko Kawaii Sengen! 
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB)
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
The Candy Factory is a place where all Zoobles are born. Beyond that factory is a world called Candy Land, where all Zoobles live. The story revolves around the three main Zoobles: Chevy, a Cat Zooble with an Orange Flavour; Coron, a Rabbit Zooble with a Strawberry Milk Flavour; and Panky, a Panda Zooble with a Blueberry Yogurt Flavour. The three of them live in Candy Town, and they get into serious misadventures as they try to get in (and out of) trouble. (Source: AniDB)
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Based on a book which introduced the culture of Sock Monkey to Japan.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
The continuation of Penguin no Mondai Max.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
Papercraft stop-motion animation featuring tales ranging from a colourful jungle to a sports car race.
(No synopsis yet.)
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
It's Kyoto, and yet it is not.  A microcosm of peculiar origins, "Mirror Kyoto."  A small incident causes a young girl, Koto, to wander into this world.  She runs into a mysterious monk, gets chased around by a tech-obsessed girl, and heartily enjoys her chaotic and colorful new life, but meanwhile, out of sight, a certain plan is being set into motion...  In this mysterious city where spirits and humans have been thrown together, the festivities are about to begin! (Source: translated from the official website by lygerzero0zero)
Parody web specials.
The story is set in August of 2026 at the Fuji Training Facility. Natori Touko, a third-year middle school student in the Eastern Private Defense Academy, is entrenched in field training with instructor Kamiya. It has been a harsh training regiment, but it is finally the last day. Kamiya proposes a extracurricular class under the name Newest Weapons Research. But then, an incident occurs that rocks all of Japan.
With his last memory being that of his kidnapping, college student Sigma awakens to find himself trapped in a facility with eight strangers. The captives are soon informed that if they want to escape, they must play the "Nonary Game"—a complex contest of trust and betrayal, where deciding whom to believe in is the difference between life and death. To make matters worse, any initial trust between the players is tainted when they realize that the mastermind behind their predicament may be one of them... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Mahou Tsukai Jiji" was created as part of a project promoting the relation between young and old people.
An animated promotional video for the Neo Satomi Hakkenden: Satomi-chanchi no Hachi Danshi light novel series. (Source: AniDB)
Based on Bandai's trading figure battle game. The story of Battle Break is set 100 years into the future, when four superpowers - Earth's mechanized Empire, the fused hybrid beast/human resistance fighters of Gaia, the genetically engineered creatures of Coeurl, and the galactic Alien alliance - clash in the solar system. (Source: ANN)
A four minute educational commercial by TOTO about water and how the TOTO ecotechnology works.
Collaboration between Peeping Life, Tatsunoko Productions, Circle K Sunkus, and TV Asahi. The first episode Boyakki helps Yatterman No. 2 fix Omocchama who broken mid-battle. The second episode has Otaku-kun talk about Tatsunoko's 50th Anniversary. The third episode has Speed Racer block the front entrance of a 7/11 with his car and has a traffic cop come up. And the fourth episode has Gold Lightan bother Hiroshi working on a PowerPoint presentation due tomorrow.
Focuses on the odd inmates at a bear prison.
Shorts that focus on a female bear's life.
Follows the story of young employee of a company that produces star-shaped confections. The unusual man views society cynically and does not fit typical Japanese competitive male stereotypes.  He has to contend with a variety of coworkers including the flamboyant Kimezou, the company president, and the president's daughter. (Source: ANN)
Ryou Inoue's work which won honorable mention in the 24th CG Animation contest in Japan.
A special web movie for the 2011 Autumn Tokyo Art Month. People could by tickets which granted them multi-access to various museums, fashion collections, and art fairs. The event ran for the entire month of November.
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
Two years after the catastrophic tidal wave that swept over Japan, police officer Kiyomasa Senji is trying to make the world a safer place. Using his Branch of Sin powers, he stops criminals in whatever ways he can. After rescuing a boy named Izuru Tsukiyoshi from a gang called Goreless Peace, the conflict between Kiyomasa and his adversaries heats up rapidly, to the point of being explosive. Offering a glimpse into the past of the future Deadman, the story follows Senji, helping to further develop the reasoning that drives his actions later in life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On a hot day of summer vacation, Charlotte's plan to spend time alone with Ichika at his house is somewhat ruined when Cecilia gets the same idea, later followed by Houki, Lingyin and Laura. The next day, Houki helps out at a summer festival being held at her family's shrine and is surprised when Ichika shows up. (Source: Wikipedia)
Fate/Prototype is a digest version of Kinoko Nasu's original version of Fate/stay night.
U.C. 0096... The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1. A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move. Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box. What is Laplace's Box? What secret does it contain? The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved. (Source: Official website)
A DVD-only episode bundled with the special edition Take Moon volume.  Caren Ortensia attempts to control the world using money with varying degrees of success, Phantas-Moon receives a movie adaption of her T.V. show, and Shiki is involved in a love plot that spans years.   (Source: Wikipedia)
Keisuke Takatou wakes up in a featureless white room, unaware of how and when he arrived. While exploring his whereabouts, he notices six familiar girls huddled around a large monitor—his childhood friend Kanae Hokari, the class president Miyakou Ando, his English teacher Natsuki Aoi, his junior Rika Makiba, and his classmates Rinne Byakuya and Nemu Manaka.  As they attempt to make sense of their current situation, a voice suddenly declares through the monitor, "The game will now begin." The rules of the game are simple yet brutal; assigned as the "unlocker," Keisuke must select one of the girls as his "keyhole" and violate her in a specific manner. Only after he does this for five rounds will the group be promised freedom to the outside world. Refusing to acknowledge the situation, Miyakou vehemently denies her participation. Suddenly, the entire room goes dark. When the lights come back on, Miyakou is strapped to an electric chair. "Withdrawal from the game will result in death," announces the mysterious voice as the chair electrocutes her to death.  Left with no other option, the terrified captives concede, and thus begins the sadistic game that will awaken their carnal desires through pain—and pleasure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
According to Weekly Shonen Sunday, a new OVA of manga "Major" was announced to be released in December. The World Series chapter, which was skipped in the TV series, will be animated. This OVA will be the final anime of Major. (Source: Scan of WSS)
Continuing after the events of Oni Chichi: Re-birth... Airi, Marina, and their step father, Takami, leave for a trip to a hot springs resort. But Marina makes last minute plans and just the two of them go. Takami still constantly tries to drug Airi. 
This OVA takes place in between episodes 8 and 9 of the first season of Hakuouki. Yukimura Chizuru goes on a reconnaissance mission in Shimabara as a geiko for the Shinsengumi. Each episode unfolds the events of the days leading up to, during, and after the operation. It intermittently reveals each captain's involvement as well as that of a few demons in the affair. Each individual episode primarily focuses from the third person perspectives of: Okita Souji, Saito Hajime, Harada Sanosuke, Toudou Heisuke, Hijikata Toshizo, and Kazama Chikage.
The third and final OVA series concluding the story of Tales of Symphonia: The Animation.
A large scale remake of the time after Kenshin leaves Tokyo up until before the inferno of Kyoto.
When aliens suddenly invade the world, Earth seems to be fighting a losing battle until Arikawa, one of the defense command staff, accidentally discovers a young man lying on a hill. Tests soon prove the impossible: this one teenager, Kakashi, has the power to defeat the attackers! Unfortunately, Kakashi has also lost his memory, and with it the knowledge of how to actually use his power. Moving Kakashi in with himself and his own commander, Shiro, Arikawa accidentally starts a strange triangle of emotions and relationships. A triangle that threatens the fate of the planet as Kakashi begins to question his own motivations!  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Episode bundled with the ninth volume of the Itsuka Tenma no Kuro Usagi novel. Includes Mirai's chibi-style dream, body-swapping and a crossover with Densetsu no Yuusha no Densetsu.
According to Kadokawa, an OVA of R-15 will be bundled with the tenth volume of the novel.
The joys of summer break; warm weather, sun soaked beaches, time off from school, and in the case of Yuuta Yamauchi, a torrid love affair with your cousin. Nee Summer! details the sexual relationship between Yuuta and his cousin, Kei Higashide, who offered to help him study for his college entrance exam.  As their relationship develops, Kei becomes aware of a girl named Youko who may be toying with Yuuta. Yuuta's summer is about to get very complicated, and it's anybody's guess if he'll actually get any studying done!
Ikkitousen OVA.
Ten years ago, a massive invasion by the Erebonian Empire almost shattered the Kingdom of Liberl, piercing to the heart of Capital City before being driven back by a determined counteroffensive led by Cassius Bright. Now, as the invaders pace behind the northern borders, coveting the small kingdom's magic and high technology, Liberl slowly rebuilds with the aid of the Bracer's Guild, whose mystical use of "Craft" is even more intrinsic to the nation's defense than its own army. For young Estelle Bright, daughter of Cassius, this is all just ancient history that she and her adopted brother Joshua learned as kids. But history has a way of repeating itself, and as they prepare to join the Bracers Guild themselves, sinister forces are preparing to thrust them into the familiar family situation of being in the worst possible place when mayhem breaks out. Because when their father's airship goes suddenly missing, of course it only makes sense to two green, but extraordinarily capable, young teenagers to strike out on a rescue mission of their own!  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
This new production of Murakami Teruaki, greatly known for his savage eroticism unrivaled in depictions of high-speed piston-like action and facial expressions accompanying orgasm, is, of all things, in the genre of "Younger Sister Moe"! It has been decided that Murakami Teruaki will turn Moonstone Cherry's "Imouto Paradise!", a game with the concept of "masturbate to cute girls," into an anime with the help of his direction!! The lewd, cute younger sisters will now assertively bear down on you through the anime.
OVAs bundled with the Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book and the Queen's Blade Rebellion Premium Visual Book. Both of the episodes will be based on Queen's Blade Rebellion, a sequel to Queen's Blade: Utsukushiki Toushitachi.
Based on a manga by Mitsunaga Yasunori, serialised in Monthly Shounen Sirius. Hiyorimi Hiro moves to a new city to live with his older sister, but dies before he can find her. He then awakens to a new life as a servant of a Princess of the Monster Realm, who just happens to be employing his sister. Monsters soon appear to attack or pester the princess since she is in line for the royal throne, and Hiro must protect her with his life (and repeated deaths). (Soure: ANN)
Takumi Musashino is a high school student on the brink of death due to a never-before-seen type of illness. Fortunately, he was saved through a miraculous experimental scientific procedure. There were however, some side effects. The procedure Takumi went through transformed him into a girl, and a cute one at that.  Going back to classes was a unique experience. His fellow students were relieved to find out he was alive, but the boys couldn't get over their newfound, uncontrollable attraction to him. Helping Takumi adjust is one of his female classmates, Anri Sogahara, who supplies him with clothing, advice, and friendship. His male friends, however are more content to supply him with sexual pleasure. Unfortunately for Takumi, the procedure he went through has left her with a much more powerful sex drive. Takumi is about to discover a lot more about her new self in TSF Monogatari from her new social life, to her new found sexual kinks. He escaped death, but now as a woman, can she escape the new found lust that courses through her?
It's finals time, but tests aren't the only things stressing out Yuuta, who's literally being smothered with affection from his beautiful sisters: Chiyoko, who is feminine, caring, and coddles him; and Chinatsu, a strong-willed tomboy who desperately seeks his attention by picking on him. Who will triumph in this sibling love triangle? (Source: icaruscomics)
Based on the erotic game by Tinker Bell. Mibuu Kyousuke is a detective who finds himself lost in the mountains where he dreams of a girl who is involved in an obscene ritual of torture and molestation by deformed old men and a bull. When he finds a house he meets the girl from his dreams (Yukino) and decided he wants to save her. Yukino thanks him for his kindness but begs him to leave since it is dangerous for outsiders. The longer Kyousuke stays at the house the more he finds himself being overtaken by desire. Will he be able to save Yukino and her family from their nightly torture or will he become a victim himself?
A princess is punished by her servant by being taken over by a spell that makes her obey his every command.  The princess is forced to have sex and masturbate in front of him while he tries to claim her throne. 
Kazuma returns home after a long absence and becomes a part-time home tutor to his younger sister and a few other girls. 
Ryuya has an older sister, Miya. He lives a peaceful school life with his friends. But one day, he and his friends accidentally drink a medicine juice. Once you drink it, you'll become sexually sensitive and get excited. The breasts of the girls who drink it will get bigger and they will need to have sex to cool down. Also, to make a vaccine, they will need to get pregnant. Ryuya starts having sex with the girls to cool them down and make a vaccine. (Source: ErogeShop)
Nanami is a happily married woman until one day the landlord blackmails her with some embarrassing video footage. From then on she has to become his personal sex slave or he will show the footage to her husband. Based on the erotic game "Sore de mo Tsuma o Aishiteru" by Lune TeamBitters. (Source: ANN)
Kouta is the school's idol loved by all—his teacher and his fellow students. Well, at least the one teacher and three students we see—who are all girls. Actually, they don't actually "love" him all that much; they just want to screw his brain out.  (Source: AniDB) 
One day, Daisuke, a reporter, visits an old Western house on the hill. There are Sumi, the owner of the house, and her five daughters. "You are a selected man. Yes, you can make a baby with my daughters and get everything here...." Though Daisuke still can't believe it, he starts staying at her house. Erotic and deep relationship with the sisters.... What is the secret of this house? What will happen to Daisuke? (Source: Eroge Shop)
A war is being fought between the goddesses of dark and light. While the former try to steal the jewels from innocent women, leaving lifeless husks, the latter hunt the evildoers. Both types of goddesses are equipped with powers to fight, but their strongest weapons are their retractable penises—flooding the enemy with pleasure is the only sure-fire way to win.  (Source: AniDB) 
Due to a mix-up, Shizumori's underwear ends up being put into the wrong locker by a classmate after P.E. Shizumori now has to spend half the school day without wearing any underwear until she is finally able to return to the locker room. Once there, she's surprised by Ozaki smelling her underwear. He gives her back her bra, but throws the rest on the ground. When Shizumori's leans down to grab it, he makes a candid shot of her wearing no underwear. Armed with photo-evidence of her being an "exhibitionist" he blackmails Shizumori into having sex with him.  (Source: hentaistream) 
The first story is about an unnamed schoolgirl who has heard a lot about sex, but lacks any experience whatsoever. Interested in everything, she asks her underclassman Yu to masturbate in front of her. It doesn't take long before the two shake off their embarrassment and do more than just masturbating for each other.
My name is Shimohei Joutarou. There is a reason that I'm here, at my new place of work, despite the fact that the school year hasn't started. On that first day, I almost immediately came across Mitsuki's and Minami's secret. I then heard about Mahiru, younger sister of Classics teacher Kuji Hinako, and the astonishing improvement of her grades. I then discover indications of Hinako's backdoor maneuverings. Now, it is up to me to rehabilitate these students who break the rules. (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston)
Based on the manga by LINDA. 
The main character is a white-collar worker. He has a wife, but she runs away from home. When he is at a loss what to do, Sayuri, his wife's mother, reaches out for him, "I'll replace her... Please..." As he lives with her, he gradually falls in love with her, and so does she... (Source: VNDB)
The sexual adventures of various mature women.
After her parents died, Konno Azusa inherits her parent's inn. All the residents of the inn left except for one perverted guest, so she has to fulfill his every wish to prevent him from leaving as well.
Based on the eroge by Marine. Makoto is an ordinary university student who often visits a nearby swimming pool to swim and watch women in swimsuits. One day, he is asked to teach Marina how to swim. It seems she can't swim at all. While he touches her body, he gets an erection. Marina notices it, and gives him a blowjob. When he touches her vagina, she cries out in pleasure and achieves female ejaculation. His unknown erotic ability comes into bloom! Make all women—from a university student to a married woman—ejaculate with your fingers! (Source: ErogeShop)
Precure All-Stars DX the Dance Live: Miracle Dance Stage e Youkoso is an all-in-3D dance production featuring the Pretty Cures from seasons Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart through to Suite Pretty Cure♪ (sans Cure Muse).  The production lasts for 10 minutes, and is done entirely in stereoscopic 3D, featuring a medley of songs from the different DX movies, as well as some brand new songs. The dance production itself was released in movie theatres on 5 August 2011, accompanied by the release of a brand new single, Pretty Cure All Stars 3D Theatre Theme Song Single. The movie starts when a pink shooting star falls down from the night sky and soughts out a toy store, striking one of the Cure Dolls of Melody on display. The Melody Doll comes alive, freeing herself from her box. Jumping to the floor, she explores the toy store when she hears the noise of a crowd coming from outside. Running out of the store, she discovers a huge TV screen which reflects a "real-life" image of herself. Playing around with it, she is soon joined by a Cure Doll of Rhythm. The two spot Hummy, waiting several floors down on the dance floor, who waved at them and sends up two rainbow keyboards to the Cure Dolls. Nodding to each other, the two slide down the keyboard onto the dance floor, and the concert began. The concert ends with a shot of the huge TV screen shown during the introduction. The 3 Suite♪ Cures are seen smiling and waving at the audience, and as the shot zoomed out, the 3 Cure Dolls are shown at the bottom of the screen. (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki)
The story is set in the future when a new threat attacks humans just as they are expanding their presence into space. Now, an enigmatic entity from 17 years ago has been set free, and the name of the entity is Justeen.
Atlanger is a plastic model series first released in 1975. The robot has a perennial popularity among middle aged fans. 
Graduation looms for the founding members of the Light Music Club. With only a few precious weeks of school left, the girls decide to make the most of it and plan a trip abroad. Hawaii, New York, Dubai—many destinations are suggested, but after a little help from the club's precious pet turtle, Ton-chan, London is chosen as the host of their next misadventure! Yui Hirasawa, Mio Akiyama, Tsumugi Kotobuki, Ritsu Tainaka, and Azusa Nakano will visit famous landmarks, perform live music for Londoners, and eat all sorts of delicious food, all while stumbling clumsily from place to place. But the fun won't last forever, as heartfelt songs and goodbyes will be made as their high school days together come to a close. One thing is for certain though: the undeniable friendships these girls have formed is something that will carry on long after the final scene rolls. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The war between the Levamme Empire and the Amatsukami Imperium has been raging for years. In the midst of this struggle, the prince of the Levamme Empire declares his love for Juana del Moral and vows to end the war in one year, as part of his marriage proposal. When the Amatsukami catch wind of this, they assault the del Moral residence, targeting Juana's life. As a last ditch effort to bring the prince his bride, the San Maltilia Airforce hires a mercenary of mixed blood—a bestado—to fly Juana to the Levamme capital in secret. The pilot, Charles, accepts the mission...but traversing an ocean alone, into enemy territory, proves a much more dangerous ordeal than anyone could have anticipated. (Source: NIS America)
Prequel film of UN-GO telling the encounter of Shinjuurou and Inga.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
Toei Animation released a new 3D anime short at events starting December 1, 2011. The short run about 12 minutes long and played at stereoscopic 3D theaters at Aichi Prefecture's Lagunasia theme park, Nagasaki Prefecture's Huis Ten Bosch theme park, Kanagawa Prefecture's Yokohama Landmark Tower, and Hiroshima Prefecture's NTT CRED Hall. (Source: ANN)
The Raimon team has been invited by Fifth Sector strangely to a soccer camp. When they agree, things go out of hand since it was revealed that Fifth Sector wants to eliminate them once and for all on the island called God Eden. Now, the Raimon team needs to train harder to be able to show that they have the strength to fight back and prove Fifth Sector's doings wrong. (Source: Inazuma Eleven Wiki)
After his business goes bankrupt, 30-something Kyung-Min (Oh Jung-Se) kills his wife impulsively. Hiding his anger, he seeks out his former middle school classmate Jong-Suk (Yang Ik-June). Jong-Suk now works as a ghostwriter for an autobiography, but he dreams of writing his own novel. For the first time in 15 years, they meet. Kyung-Min and Jong-Suk both hide their own current situations and begin to talk about their middle school days. At their middle school, they were classified by their wealth and grades. Kyung-Min and Jong-Suk were at the bottom. They were called pigs. They were bullied by a ruling class called dogs. When they were called pigs, they got angry but couldn't do anything against the dogs. Then a king of pigs appears—Chul (Kim Hye-Na). Kyung-Min and Jong-Suk became to rely on Chul-Yi. Now, leading Jong-Suk to their middle school grounds, Kyung-Min discloses the shocking truth to Jong-Suk of what happened 15 years ago. (Source: Asian Media Wiki)
Special recap of s.CRY.ed to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the anime; featuring digital remastering and some new footage.
After Cure Muse's mission of restoring her father's kind heart was accomplished, Ako and Mephisto decided to return to Major Land together. Suddenly, a howling noise rang through the city, and when it died down, all music was gone. Ako and Mephisto tried to establish contact with Major Land, but could not get a response. Full of worry, Hibiki and the others headed to Major Land, where there was no sign of the former land of overflowing music. The world was desolate without sound, its people devoid of emotion like stone, continuing to play their soundless instruments. The only one left was Ako's friend Suzu, who explained how Aphrodite suddenly changed and took away all music from the land. Ako and Mephisto, unbelieving and determined to find out the truth, headed to the palace where Aphrodite was. Hibiki, Kanade and Ellen decided to chase after Suzu, who had run away after Ako refused to believe her story. While chasing after Suzu, the girls met with 3 men eager to steal the Healing Chest. And as the truth slowly came to light, the Pretty Cure had to face up to the real enemy.
In the wake of the destruction of a worldwide non-nuclear war, the city Olympus has become the control center of the world. Run by Bioroids (cloned humans made from only the best DNA), it is defended from terrorists by special military forces. Among these are former LAPD SWAT member Deunan Knute and her multipurpose cyborg partner Briareos. They face a challenge from the Human Liberation Front and its terrorist underbelly the Argonauts. The leader of this group, Al Ceides, supposedly died 20 years ago in an attack on Poseidon, but now his shadow emerges once again. (Source: Aniworlds)
Original animated movie by ufotable. Screened at the studio's cinema and at the Sapporo short film festival. 
On an island, legend has it that monsters have lived there since ancient times. Because of this, the residents have named the island “Monster Island.” In actuality, the monsters living on the island are friendly, but live in fear of humans. A child named Kotake wanders onto the island. A grumpy red ogre named Naki ends up taking care of the child. What strange things might this encounter cause?
In-hye and Sun-mi visit their hometown, a small and quiet village in the countryside, after a long time only to face unexpected news: their old friend Eun-sil died while giving birth. The town is left in an uproar because of the baby, whose father is unknown, and it is neglected, protected by no one. While In-hye and Sun-mi try to save the baby with the help of Ji-young, their friend who has stayed in town, they find out that Eun-sil, who was mentally retarded, was a plaything of the village. In-hye and Sun-mi are troubled with the rage they feel against the village people and the guilty conscience they feel towards Eun-sil. Although they abandoned Eun-sil in the past, will they be able to protect her baby until the end? (Source: HanCinema)
The story follows a racoon-like tanuki creature named Hal who find an abandoned human baby. Hal names the baby Pal and decides to transform into a human mother to raise him. (Source: ANN)
3rd season of Kamiusagi Rope.
An unaired episode included in the Blu-ray box set. Yuusaku brings an extravagant bento box to share with the class, which makes Ryuuji feel inferior about his own bento making skills. Desperate to beat his bentos, Ryuuji obsessively tries to compete against them to the point where he even brings a rice cooker to school. After Taiga brings him some salty onigiri, Ryuuji realises that the true meaning of bentos is not the taste, but the feelings that are put into it. (Source: Wikipedia)
Feeling slighted by Rin, Kuro goes on the hunt for a new master, but can he find anyone who can truly replace Rin?
Shown at Jump Festa 2012, held in December, 2011. Bardock, Goku's father, who was supposed to have died when Freeza's attack hit him along with the Planet Vegeta, was sent way back in time where the planet was inhabited by strange creatures. There, he meets Freeza's ancestor, a space pirate named Chilled, and fights him to protect the planet. (Source: AniDB)
Four short episodes bundled with DVD/Blu-Ray. Vol.1: Episode 2.5 "Aquarium of Leaves" Vol.2: Episode 3.5 "Dear My Santa Claus" Vol.3: Episode 6.5 "Full Blossom in the Sky" Vol.4: Episode 8.5 "Way Home"
Magic is not real—everyone knows that. When performed by a true expert, however, magic possesses the ability to amaze and wonder its audience. Kaito Kuroba, son of world-famous stage magician Touichi Kuroba, is no stranger to this fact. Well-versed in the arts of deception and misdirection, Kaito frequently disrupts the lives of those around him with flashy tricks and pranks. But when Kaito accidentally stumbles upon a hidden passage in his home, he discovers a secret that may well have been the cause of his father's death eight years ago—the dove-white outfit of Kid the Phantom Thief. Wanting to find out more about his father, Kaito dons the outfit and searches for the Pandora Gem that is said to grant immortality. However, he is not the only one after the gem—the organization responsible for his father's death is also hot on his tail! Magic Kaito follows the rebirth of Kaitou Kid, phantom thief of the night. Utilizing his dummies, disguises, and signature card gun, Kaito sets out to steal the world's most precious jewels, uncovering the truth behind his father's death and the rumored Pandora Gem along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story takes place in Tokyo Butei High School, a special school where armed detectives—"Butei"—are trained to use weapons. Kinji Tooyama is a second-year-student who has a special ability, but he keeps it a secret to maintain an ordinary, peaceful life; however, when he gets caught in a bombing on the way to school, he encounters H. Aria Kanzaki, the most powerful S-Rank Butei student in Assault Studies. (Source: ANN)
Spin-off of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu that has been serialized on Famitsu Comic Clear website since 2010. These specials are included in the Baka to Test Ni! BD/DVD releases.
A special feature based on a real-time run of the Fate/Hollow Ataraxia Visual Novel's mini-game, Illya's Castle.  The key characters' voice actor/actress' participate in live commentary for the duration of the game.
Shortly before the upcoming festival, a year after the end of episode 12, Daigo decides to find a girlfriend to dance with in the festival. Will he be able to do so?
Each of the six volumes of the Maken-Ki! Blu-rays will carry a 10 minute long short anime "Doki Doki! Maken-ki! Himitsu no Kunren". Secret trainings with the main characters will be animated.
Yuru Yuri DVD/BD special. Chinatsu's horrendous and atrocious drawings come to life in a tale about a handsome prince, a hideous girl and true love! (Source: Anime-Planet)
A short special included on the second volume of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ni! Blu-ray/DVD release.
Even though studying at a prestigious art school like Yamabuki is hard work, the girls who live at the Hidamari Apartments always manage to squeeze in time for a little fun and exploration. And when they actually get a day off? Watch out world! Yuno, Sae, Hiro, Miyako and new students Nori and Nazuna return to create another masterpiece of life as art, with all new adventures that include swimming, pajama parties, trips to the art museum and even an all-you-can-eat diner courtesy of the landlady! Of course, there’s always a little housework that has to be squeezed in, but with a pinch of resourcefulness and a dash of creativity, even the most onerous of chores can be turned into something magical.  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Promotion video for Kazuma Ootorino's light novel Ryuugajou Nanana no Maizoukin, commissioned by Enterbrain after Ootorino won the 13th Entertainment Awards Grand Prize (Entame Taishou) from the publisher's light novel department.
Short extra anime from the DVDs and Blu-rays.
Like the first series Nurarihyon no Mago: Sennen Makyou will have two recap episodes.
Picture dramas from the DVD/BDs.
Specials included in the Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book's DVDs.
"First adjournment" (episode 9.5) is a recap of the first nine episodes of Last Exile: Ginyoku no Fam. "Second adjournment" (episode 15.5) is a recap of the first Last Exile series.
Specials that came with the DVDs of Sekai Tougou Hen.
Two jewels are the key to the ancient treasure of Yaobikuni. But legend has it that the only person who can find the treasure is one who can walk the path of death. And why is Lupin interested? This is the one treasure his grandfather sought but did not steal. (Source: AniDB)
A 30-second animated commercial for the construction company Taisei. The commercial highlights the Bosporus Strait Tunnel that Taisei built in Turkey. (Source: ANN)
An extra episode of Rio: Rainbow Gate! which will be bundled with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and the DVD. 
Ikoku Meiro no Croisée Picture Drama.
Recap episodes of Inazuma Eleven Go made to catch viewers up in the newest franchise in preparation for the Inazuma Eleven Go: Kyuukyoku no Kizuna Gryphon film being released at the same time period (the 2nd recap ep aired on the same day the movie came out). Both recap episodes were included on the 12th DVD volume of the main anime as well.
Random side stories of Sengoku Basara characters in chibi form.
A spinoff chibi flash animation style commercials of Last Exile: Ginyoku no Fam made specifically to promote the DVD/BD release of the main series.
Commercial for AKB48 Stage Fighter mobile phone game.
Special ending animation sequence for the "Anime Seijin: Tokimeki Recipe" cooking and talk show.  The "nonsensical romantic fantasy" of the anime centres around a kitten named Loup and a puppy named Noix — both of whom believe that they are actually human girls.  (Source: ANN) 
Episodes 13 through 16 of Shokupan Mimi included in the DVD release.
Short promotional video for an iPhone app from Lantis.
This special is a short story about Witzy and the surprise birthday party that is planned by his friends.
Specials included in Kakko Kawaii Sengen! DVDs.
A Christmas commercial campaign funded by AFLAC.  2 episodes show the ducks acting like Santa with a song sung by songstress Mayuminu. A 3rd commercial was made combining the previous 2 with extra footage and a song sung by Fukushima Prefectural Asaka Reimei school choir.
YanYan Machiko shorts included with the DVD releases of the original series.
Nikoli-chan is a curious and a crybaby. She explores the places surrounding her home but if she doesn't get her way she throws a tantrum.
A Tekken short created for channel TBS's program "Supamoku!!" but was later included on the official DVD 1 release of his animated works. In Tsunagaru people start holding hands in one long human chain.
