Madoka Kaname and Sayaka Miki are regular middle school girls with regular lives, but all that changes when they encounter Kyuubey, a cat-like magical familiar, and Homura Akemi, the new transfer student. Kyuubey offers them a proposition: he will grant any one of their wishes and in exchange, they will each become a magical girl, gaining enough power to fulfill their dreams. However, Homura Akemi, a magical girl herself, urges them not to accept the offer, stating that everything is not what it seems. A story of hope, despair, and friendship, Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica deals with the difficulties of being a magical girl and the price one has to pay to make a dream come true. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Not every zombie is the monstrous, brain-eating type. One night while walking home from the convenience store, regular high school boy Ayumu Aikawa is killed by a serial killer, and is just as suddenly brought back to life by a necromancer named Eucliwood Hellscythe. One small caveat: he's now a zombie. Things get even weirder for him when he accidentally steals a magical girl's uniform, and thus her powers! Haruna, the ex-magical girl, orders him to fight evil creatures known as Megalo in her place until they can figure out a way to get her powers back to her. It seems that life is just going to get stranger and stranger for poor Ayumu from here on out in Kore wa Zombie desu ka?.
An exoskeleton weapon engineered by Japan, Infinite Stratos (IS) can be piloted only by women. Its power and combat prowess are so immense that an international treaty has been signed banning its use as a military asset.  When it is discovered that 15-year-old Ichika Orimura is the only male capable of steering an IS, he is forcibly enrolled in the Infinite Stratos Academy: an all-female boarding school, the students of which graduate to become IS pilots. At this training school, Ichika is reunited with two of his childhood friends, Houki Shinonono and Lingyin Huang, and befriends Cecilia Alcott, an IS representative from the United Kingdom. Guided by the legendary pilot Chifuyu Orimura—their strict homeroom teacher and Ichika's older sister—Ichika and the girls will need to use everything at their disposal to defend themselves and their academy against the dangers that will arise during the course of their thrilling school life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kazuya Kujou is a foreign student at Saint Marguerite Academy, a luxurious boarding school in the Southern European country of Sauville. Originally from Japan, his jet-black hair and dark brown eyes cause his peers to shun him and give him the nickname "Black Reaper," based on a popular urban legend about the traveler who brings death in the spring. On a day like any other, Kujou visits the school's extravagant library in search of ghost stories. However, his focus soon changes as he becomes curious about a golden strand of hair on the stairs. The steps lead him to a large garden and a beautiful doll-like girl known as Victorique de Blois, whose complex and imaginative foresight allows her to predict their futures, now intertwined. With more mysteries quickly developing—including the appearance of a ghost ship and an alchemist with the power of transmutation—Victorique and Kujou, bound by fate and their unique skills, have no choice but to rely on each other. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The continuation of the first season. Sawako Kuronuma and her friends have just begun their second year of high school and they are in the same class together again. To make matters more interesting a male student newly transferred into their class is seated right next to Kuronuma and has taken an interest in her. What hurdles will Sawako and Kazehaya face next?
Decades into the future, humanity is under siege by an alien race known as the Novas. These inhuman beings leave devastation in their wake whenever they appear, with the efforts to stave them off becoming known as Nova Clashes. Young women known as "Pandoras" and young men known as "Limiters" are implanted with stigmata to give them superhuman powers and are trained in military academies, where they must learn to work together if humanity is to have a chance of surviving. Freezing tells the story of Kazuya Aoi as he sets out for his first day at the West Genetics military academy, right when a battle royale is being undertaken by the Pandoras. It is here that he mistakes Satellizer el Bridget—a powerful Pandora known as the "Untouchable Queen"—as his deceased sister and embraces her. Though he costs her the match, she finds that his touch doesn't drive her away and decides to take him as her Limiter. The only question is whether or not their partnership can survive the machinations of their upperclassmen and the impending battle with the Novas…
A normal high school boy Kisaragi Ryuji's peaceful life is turned into an adventure by the return of his second cousin Eriko. Ryuji and Eriko seize a relic box from a black broker. In the box, they find a red dragon girl Rose. In order to protect Rose from the black organization, Ryuji decides to fight using his power as a relic handler.
Yumekui Merry begins with Yumeji Fujiwara, a seemingly average high school student. But ten years ago, Yumeji gained the ability to see the dream auras of other people around him. This ability allows Yumeji to predict what type of dreams people are likely to have next. The dreams of others may not be a mystery to Yumeji, but his own dreams have recently left him puzzled. In dream after dream, Yumeji has been pursued by an army of cats lead by John Doe, who claims he needs Yumeji's body to enter the real world. These strange occurrences get stranger when Yumeji meets Nightmare Merry, a dream demon seeking to return to her own world. Using his powers, Yumeji decides to assist Merry in getting back home. But Merry's very presence in the real world means that the barrier separating dreams and reality has been broken, and not all of the dream demons intend to come to Earth peacefully...
Effeminate fifth grader Shuuichi Nitori is considered by most to be one of the prettiest girls in school, but much to her dismay, she is actually biologically male. Fortunately, Shuuichi has a childhood friend who has similar feelings of discomfort related to gender identity: the lanky tomboy Yoshino Takatsuki, who, though biologically female, does not identify as a girl. These two friends share a similar secret and find solace in one another; however, their lives become even more complicated when they must tread the unfamiliar waters of a new school, attempt to make new friends, and struggle to maintain old ones. Faced with nearly insurmountable odds, they must learn to deal with the harsh realities of growing up, transexuality, relationships, and acceptance. Lauded as a decidedly serious take on gender identity and LGBT struggles, Takako Shimura's Hourou Musuko is about Shuuichi and Yoshino's attempts to discover their true selves as they enter puberty, make friends, fall in love, and face some very real and difficult choices. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the present day, hundreds of extraterrestrial species walk the Earth. Some are pacifistic, others violent. Some are here for research purposes, others are career criminals. However, humans don't know they are here. Now, one more alien has arrived on Earth. One of the universe's foremost geniuses with a personality that's bound to attract all sorts of trouble. (Source: AniDB)
The story takes place on an island, where a "Fractale System" is beginning to collapse. One day, Clain finds an injured girl called Phryne under a cliff. She disappears leaving a pendant. Clain sets out for a journey with the girl-shaped avatar Nessa to look for Phryne and discovers the secret of the Fractale System.
Junior High student Nao's brother complex is so strong, it's almost at the point of incest. She's determined to make her brother, High School student Shuusuke, see her as a woman. So determined, that she goes as far as going into his room to throw away all his non-incest related porn. But as she's looking for his porno stash, she finds a photo album... and she's not in any of his childhood pictures. What is going on? (Source: MU)
Second season of Mitsudomoe.
Cardfight!! Vanguard features a world where the game Cardfight!! Vanguard is becoming the latest craze among trading card games, becoming a part of everyday life for people all over the world. The game is not limited to Earth alone; battles between the creatures used by the players take place on another planet called Cray. The story begins with Aichi Sendou, a timid middle schooler whose meek attitude often leaves him a target for bullies. Aichi was given a very rare card, "Blaster Blade", when he was very young. It's his one treasure that gives him hope. That is, until it gets taken from him. Although Aichi has never played Cardfight!! Vanguard before, he challenges the thief to a game in order to win the "Blaster Blade" back. This high-stakes game quickly draws Aichi into the world of Vanguard battles, which will test and change his worth as both a player and a person. 
The "Howard Resort Hotel" is an entertainment destination where people gather from around the world to grab huge fortunes. In the casino is a beautiful female dealer named Rio Rollins, known far and wide as the "Goddess of Victory". In order to approach closer to her mother, one of history's greatest dealers, she does battle to gather up the legendary cards called "gates". Those who gather all 13 gate cards are presented with the title MVCD (Most Valuable Casino Dealer), proof that they are a top dealer. Set in a vast resort, an exciting battle begins with rival dealers that'll take your breath away! Throw in some "supreme comedy" and a story that makes you cry when you least expect it, these cute and sexy girls will explode off your screen! With everyone's cheer of "Leave it to Rio!", Lady Luck'll be with you, too!
The story centers around Nyarlko, a formless Cthulhu deity who can take on the shape of anyone it wishes, but particularly the shape of a seemingly ordinary silver-haired girl. Mahiro Yasaka is a normal high school student who is chased by aliens one night, until "Nyarlko" saves him. (Source: ANN)
Drago is unable to control the powers he has received from Code Eve, so Dan and Drago contemplate retirement. Meanwhile a new and insidious enemy infiltrates Bakugan Interspace shaking the Battle Brawlers and their fans. The Battle Brawlers must find a way to control Code Eve's powers, with the help of some new allies, or else this new threat could threaten all Bakugan everywhere. (Source: ANN)
Logan learns that his girlfriend, Mariko Yashida, who disappeared a year ago, has been taken to Tokyo by her father Shingen, who is the head of a Japanese crime syndicate and a supplier of AIM. He then decides to head to Japan to find her and take her back, no matter what.
Kanon Town is filled with music. Hibiki Houjou and Kanade Minamino have grown up in this town and have known each other since they were children. However, they no longer get along. One day the fairy Hummy from the land of music, Major Land, appears before them. The evil king Mephisto of Minor Land is planning to turn the legendary Melody of Happiness into the Melody of Misfortune. To prevent this from happening, Hibiki and Kanade transform themselves into Pretty Cure. Kanade and Hibiki have to learn to work together to collect the scattered notes of the Melody of Happiness in order to recreate the score!
Super-deformed version of Hokuto no Ken, Buronson & Hara Tetsuo's post-apocalyptic fighting manga. Note: The "DD" stands for "Design Deformation," since the characters are only "two-heads-tall." (Source: AniDB) 
Oscar is a lizard living in a non-specific desert that has features from several different real deserts, like the Sahara, Kalahari Desert, and North American deserts. An asphalt concrete highway runs through the area, used from time to time by various cargo trucks. Oscar is generally searching for food or water; he sometimes discovers liquid, in bottles or elsewhere, but is usually frustrated from recovering it for drink. An oasis supplies the only fresh water in the area, but its thick population of irascible and hungry crocodiles renders it inaccessible. At considerable personal risk (lizard is a delicacy for chickens), Oscar occasionally manages to steal an egg from a nearby hen coop, and he sometimes explores one of the piles of trash that litter the parched landscape. Popy, a fennec fox; Buck, a vulture; and Harchi, a hyena, inhabit a derelict school bus situated on a neighboring hill, but they mostly race about on a cast-off warehouse or grocery cart powered by Harchi and directed by Popy. Like Oscar, the trio constantly search for food and water - often competing with him, sometimes abusing him as a means, but occasionally cooperating with him when it suits their purpose. The main characters often find themselves falling off cliffs a la Wile E. Coyote chasing the Road Runner, wherein the law of gravity is briefly suspended while the character comes to realize their imminent doom. (Source: Wikipedia)
The battle continues between Chi-Sui Maru, a mosquito, and Nobuo, a common office worker.
In Brooms Town, every vehicle has a voice and a personality, and they work together with the human residents in a peaceful harmony. The residents are happy and carefree, but once in a while trouble rears its head. Brooms Town can rest easy, though, for at any sign of danger, the Rescue Team is there. Poli the police car, Roy the fire truck, and Amber the ambulance are joined by their friends as they patrol the streets of Brooms Town and help out its citizens. Robocar Poli is aimed at small children, and has a charming cast of characters composed of rescue vehicles that can transform into humanoid robots. Aimed at teaching children about safety rules, every episode has a moral to be learned. Poli and his friends are here to teach everything from road safety to the value of friendship and teamwork.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Kemy is an animation series with some educational undertones targeting 5~7-year-old kids. The entire series is set against the backdrop of a supermarket. Viewing the animations, children will be able to imagine themselves in amidst all a supermarket has to offer. Children can join Kemy and his quest to figure out the answers to everyday questions. Buka and Chaka do not reprise their roles in this season. (Source: korean-products.com) 
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
As a child, Moritaka Mashiro dreamt of becoming a mangaka, just like his childhood hero and uncle, Tarou Kawaguchi, creator of a popular gag manga. But when tragedy strikes, he gives up on his dream and spends his middle school days studying, aiming to become a salaryman instead. One day, his classmate Akito Takagi, the school's top student and aspiring writer, notices the detailed drawings in Moritaka's notebook. Seeing the vast potential of his artistic talent, Akito approaches Moritaka, proposing that they become mangaka together. After much convincing, Moritaka realizes that if he is able to create a popular manga series, he may be able to get the girl he has a crush on, Miho Azuki, to take part in the anime adaptation as a voice actor. Thus the pair begins creating manga under the pen name Muto Ashirogi, hoping to become the greatest mangaka in Japan, the likes of which no one has ever seen. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As tensions between the world of magic and Academy City continues to rise, Touma Kamijou and his hand of negation must face off against both esper and magician in order to protect the lives of those around him. Of course, he is not alone in his fight; whether by his side or out of sight, allies and enemies both old and new will enter the fray to help him. Toaru Majutsu no Index II continues the story of action and comedy, as the scale of Touma and his allies' battle grows ever larger. A conflict is slowly brewing on the horizon, and magic and science will cross paths once again in the war to come. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well. With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves. These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai, a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced.
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While other schools in Japan compete for the title of being the best soccer team in the country, Raimon Middle School's soccer club, Inazuma Eleven, struggles to rise from the verge of being disbanded. The grandson of Inazuma Eleven's first generation goalkeeper and captain of the team, Mamoru Endou, takes the challenge of kicking the long neglected club back into shape. To do this, he'll need a little help and more than a little luck. Mamoru Endou finds hope in the hands of Shuuya Gouenji, a brilliant young player who has given up on soccer. Mamoru is determined to get Shuuya and other new recruits to join his team, no matter what the cost. Is his passion and determination enough to treat the ailing club? Or is there no more hope for the team?
Deep beneath the surface of Southern Cross Isle, a mysterious organization known as the Glittering Crux Brigade frequently gathers in their underground fortress. The group is particularly interested in "Cybodies," stone giants which can transform into massive fighting humanoids but only in a realm known as "Zero Time." By finding and shattering the seals of the island's four seal maidens, Glittering Crux hopes to break free of Zero Time and use the Cybodies anywhere they please. One night, a young man named Takuto Tsunashi washes up on the island's shore and is rescued by Sugata Shindou and his fiancée Wako Agemaki, one of the island's seal maidens. After he awakens, Takuto quickly befriends the two and proceeds to enroll at the local academy, where many of his fellow students are secretly members of Glittering Crux. However, Takuto holds a secret: when in Zero Time, he can utilize a Cybody of his own—the Tauburn. In the forthcoming battle, Takuto and the Tauburn will be the key to preventing Glittering Crux from shattering Wako's seal and realizing its nefarious ambitions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yu☆Gi☆Oh! 5D's, set in the not too distant future, is the sequel to Yu☆Gi☆Oh!: Duel Monsters GX. Following on from its predecessors, the show is centered on the Duel Monsters Card Game. Neo Domino City, a newer, evolved city is the largest in the world, watched over by its Director, Rex Godwin. Satellite, the renamed old Domino City, is now the city's main waste disposal area and the inhabitants who live there, Satellites, live in poor conditions and are forbidden from Duelling. Fudou Yuusei, the shows main protagonist, has built a D-Wheel (used for the new form of duelling, Riding Duels) in the hope that he can escape to Neo Domino City. Spurred on by revenge towards Jack Atlus, the King of Riding Duels, he manages to escape and duel Jack for his precious card, Stardust Dragon. However when it is summoned along with Jack's ace monster, Red Demons Dragon, a wondrous Crimson Dragon appears, along with a mysterious Birthmark on Yuusei's arm. From here on, Yuusei and his friends are thrown into a world of Darkness, from which they must duel their way out and attempt to save the world from the destructive forces that soon appear.
As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Satoshi, headed off to the Isshu region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Houen, and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Shooty and the region's Professor Araragi, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Dent, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Sanyou City Gym Leaders. 
After Niche carries the wounded and stunned Lag back to the Bee Hive, the Letter Bee finally begins to piece the puzzle together. Now he knows what's happened to Gauche, why the Marauders are so focused on stealing mail and the actual intent of the group controlling both, Reverse. However, when he's forbidden to reveal the truth, Lag is soon forced out of the artificial sunlight and back into the world of perpetual night. And soon Reverse's plot to take down the Letter Bees and overthrow the Amberground government begins to accelerate. If things weren't already bad enough, the giant insect creatures called gaichuu are apparently evolving into something new; there may be traitors working within the Hive; and Niche's sister, who's definitely not human friendly, shows up to turn family drama into a full-scale siege! It all spells serious trouble for the Letter Bees, but if anyone can weather the storms and gloom of night, Lag and his team are the ones who'll deliver. (Source: FUNimation)
Unsuspecting inhabitants of the planet Earth are going about their business, enjoying a bright and particularly beautiful sunny day, when a young Japanese boy spots a shiny object falling from the sky... Has an alien invasion finally begun? Elsewhere in Japan, Keroro, frog sergeant and leader of the Space Invasion Army Special Tactics Platoon of the 58th Planet in the Gamma Planetary System, has discovered the perfect hideout. He infiltrates the home of the Hinata family in an attempt to establish a headquarters that he and his troops could use to prepare for world domination... but earthlings Fuyuki and Natsumi Hinata are too much for him to handle! Natsumi instinctively calls them out of hiding, leaving the hapless sergeant no option but to reveal his secret identity. The two siblings soon welcome the sergeant to their home, all thanks to Fuyuki’s generos—err... curiosity. The Sergeant has successfully infiltrated his first target area! Or has he? Join Keroro Gunsou in his dastardly attempt to take over the world!
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
The Digital World is in a state of war, with the evil Bagra Army attempting to collect fragments of the Code Crown. Whoever manages to collect all 108 fragments will become king of the Digital World. An evil group of Digimon, known as the Bagra Army, are determined to get their hands on the Code Crown. Digimon Xros Wars features Taiki Kudou, a soccer-loving middle schooler who will always go out of his way to help people in need. When out with his friends Akari Hinomoto and Zenjirou Tsurugi one day, he hears a voice calling out for help. Investigating the situation, he meets a Digimon named Shoutmon who has been severely wounded in a nearby alley. Using the power of a strange device called a Xros Loader, Taiki manages to save Shoutmon's life, but is pulled into the Digital World alongside Akari and Zenjirou. Determined not to let the evil Bagra have their way, Taiki and his friends join with Shoutmon and other local Digimon to form their own army known as Xros Heart. Now Xros Heart must fight their way across the Digital World to collect Code Crown fragments and defeat the Bagra Army, but Taiki and his friends are not the only humans caught up in this war of monsters…
Ginga Hagane and his crew of Bladers are back and ready to take on new challenges. The World Championship beckons, and Ginga is more than prepared, now equipped with a new Beyblade, the Galaxy Pegasus W105R2F. And he will be battling with a tag-partner from the USA, Masamune Kadoya. However, Masamune has also set his eyes on the championship, and plans to defeat Gingka. Masamune may be not the only threat to Ginga's path to victory. The world's top Blader Kyoya was chosen alongside Ginga, Masamune, Tsubasa, and Yu to represent Japan, but instead decides to join the African team. Together with his teammate Benkei, he wishes to take down Ginga and the Japanese team. The stage is now set for one of the most dramatic showdowns in Metal Fight Beyblade: Baku.
The Fairytale World is in trouble. Its princesses and their respective worlds are disappearing, causing a ripple effect in the human world where their stories are popular. In order to save the Fairytale World, the Queen sends three magic animals, Sei, Dai, and Ryoku, to the human world with magic gems to find three girls who can become the "Super Miracle Idols," the princesses Snow White, Cinderella, and Kaguya-hime. Those "princesses" end up being three little girls: Yukimori Ringo, Takashiro Layla, and Sasahara Natsuki. But the gems transform them into older singing superstars, and after their accidental debut at the singer Wish's concert, they become known as "Little Princesses," or "LilPri." Now they must collect Happiness Tones from humans in order to restore the Fairytale World.
With many of its central personnel lost in the war, the Earth Federation Government is forced to rebuild, and Brian Midcrid, president of the Unified Colonies, takes the position of its president. During an emergency session of the Federation Diet, he publicly acknowledges the existence of extraterrestrials, and reveals the events of the L5 campaign to the masses in what will later come to be called the "Tokyo Declaration." He goes on to state that these aliens pose a serious threat to humanity. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
In Jewel Land, Jewelpets, creatures who has the natural ability to use magic lived in harmony with the Witches, attending the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn to use magic with their Jewel Eyes. However for Ruby, a white Japanese Hare whose magic sometimes fail, is appointed to go to the Human World to search for her partner. But when she used the card the magicians gave her, she was sent to the Human World by accident. In the Human World, A girl named Akari Sakura met her on the beach on her way to school. At first, Akari can't understand her due to her Jewel Land Language until Ruby took a special candy so she could speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knew about her problems and later apologized. A Jewel Charm appeared on Akari's hand and she realized it that she's chosen by Ruby to be her partner. After that, she decided to enter the Jewel Star Grand Prix, on the prize is that any wish that they wanted will be granted. Will she be the Next Jewel Star and her wish be granted in the end? Or It'll just end in one big disaster... (Source: Wikipedia) 
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
A Romance of the Three Kingdoms retelling using SD Gundams.
Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.
Dan now desires more exciting battles and stronger opponents. Thus it is that when Maru appears before him, offering the two, Dan leapt at the chance. He is transported into the future, a time when Earth is threatened by demons from another dimension. Now, the fate of all humanity rests on Dan's shoulders. The price of failure is a re-set of Earth's entire timeline. (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The continuation of Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou with a new title. Episode numbers continue from 51.
Chinese-Japanese anime adaptation of the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" classic novel. Lui Bei embarks on a journey to quell the chaos that plagues his homeland, bringing with him his sworn brothers, Zhang Fei and Guan Yu. With only a small army and no land Lui Bei is forced to take a subservient role to other Generals, in order to keep him safe from those who continually come after his life.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Shobu and friends continue to face the members of Fua Duelist in the world championship and defeat them all. And now Shobu is the world champion. Before Shobu could relax he is being called into the creature world to face Diabolos Zeta, Temporal Ruler, who is about to bring annihilation. Shobu and friends gather the new legendary cards and stop him with their new powers of these cards. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
Sometime in the near future, in an age in which we have established contact and communications with planets outside our galaxy, Scan2Go has become a huge phenomenon throughout all of outer space. Giant races are held at every locality, with each racer gunning for the title of the universe's number one racer! The main character in the series, Kazuya, possesses the power of the eagle, performed well with his blazing, innate power commanding his falconine beast spirit. He competes in a tournament, the "Pro-Racer Exhibition Race.", but was no match for the other teams that had won their way through the competitive Space Preliminaries. Realizing the difficult obstacles that lie before them, Kazuya and his friends leave the small Earth behind and set off on a universe-wide quest to hone their skills as warriors!
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
In their new adventure, Yuuna and Stitch move from their small island Izayoi to the Okinawa main island where Yuuna is supposed to visit a school. A new cast of friends awaits them there as well as a new crisis approaching from space. (Source: AniDB)
Second season of the everyday life of the lady with many cats. Based on a blog by the cat owner. Actress Miki Nakatani (Ringu, Densha Otoko) will take over the series' voice acting duty in second season.
The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings.  (Source: ANN) 
The second season of Marie & Gali.
The story of the anime revolves around Hanako, a girl who lives in a supernatural world apart from our own. Hanako appears when schoolchildren are in trouble; she is a benevolent version of an enduring Japanese urban legend about Hanako, a ghost who lives in a toilet at the local school. (Source: ANN)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Mix Masters Final Force is the second season of the original mix masters show. In this story, Ditt forgets that he was a mix master. But when the time comes to save the world once again, he finds new friends to help him in his battle against Eva and Babel, the two new antagonists. (Source: Wikipedia)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
The story centers around a mysterious tall tower built from an (unsteady) stack of building blocks. Every morning, noon, and evening, an old timekeeping man rings the bell in the tower to confirm the time for the local townspeople. However, one day at noon, the tower bell fails to ring — leaving the townspeople confused about when to eat lunch. The fantasy adventure begins when Karl, an inquisitive boy living in the town, decides to go to the tower's plaza to see what is the matter. (Source: ANN)
A television anime adaptation of the Tachumaru Zukan project. Tachumaru Zukan re-imagines some of Tatsunoko's most popular anime franchises as a newly evolved species of super-deformed animals known as "Tachuu-rui." These mysterious "Tachumaru" (Tachumals) are "small and cute," but have special fighting moves. (Source: ANN)
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
NHK's English education program. In Little Charo 2, the puppy journeys with his master through a mysterious place called the Middle World, which lies between the World of the Living and the World of the Dead. (Source: AniDB)
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
The continuation of Penguin no Mondai.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
The creators of Deko Boko Friends, Maruyama Momoko and Kuwamoto Ryoutarou (m&k), have a fervent wish - they would like to see children grow into adults who live harmoniously with individuals representing a variety of backgrounds and personalities. The twelve characters represent 12 types of personality traits. Each character is an amalgamation and condensation of traits found in a variety of people. The creators would like to see children develop tolerance and a broad-minded mental outlook that would enable them to accept each person they encounter. The concept uses the element of surprise to introduce this series of animated short stories. Each animated short focuses on one character and brings his or her strong personality trait to life.  (Source: AniDB)
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
Papercraft stop-motion animation featuring tales ranging from a colourful jungle to a sports car race.
Talpy is an odd creature than can transform into anything be it a bicycle or cowboy or a tailor. Every episode shows Talpy transforming into a few items/people based on the scenario he's in. 
I can dance! I can sing! So, I can speak English! Hello Cocomong is a series of musical episodes teaching kids through song and dance. A large amount of episodes are aimed to teach English to Korean speaking children, though the intention is lost with the official English dub of the show.
The true end arc of Ore no Imouto. These four episodes branch out after the 11th episode of the main TV series and present an alternative version to the end of the TV series. These episodes contrast with the good end arc of the TV series, which was an original ending written for the anime, and instead closely follows the original story from the light novels.
Independent animation by Hiroyasu Ishida, the animator of Fumiko no Kokuhaku.
Subaru is a young girl who discovers that her best friend Aoi is part of magical group trying to gather engine fragments so that a little being from Pleiades can return to his home. Subaru considers joining them as she was chosen by the Pleiadian, president of this afterschool club. A collaboration between Gainax and the car maker Subaru. (Source: ANN)
The SD Character Flash Anime is a special addition to the anime series' official website. Each "episode" features a different character, drawn in a super-deformed style, set to a song sung by the character's seiyuu.
The story begins on a rainy night, when a homeless little black cat is brought home by a young girl Luo Xiaobai. She names the cat Luo Xiao Hei. However, Luo Xiao Hei is no ordinary cat: he is a supernatural entity that hosts several small creatures called Heixiu. As Luo Xiao Hei new life soon threatened by the mysterious Diting, who commands three winged wolves. (Source: asiatvforum.com, edited)
A series of short films where Mirai Mizuki uploaded one abstract representation of a letter of the alphabet every day for 26 days.
The Koganedai Downtown FC Golden Kids haven't won a single game since they formed. The captain and goal keeper, Goal Kitagawa is determined to win a game with the current members before he moves away next month. However, even after all the determination to win the next game they lose terribly, extending their losing streak to 22 games. Even the adults in the community who support the team begin to get fed up with all the losses. At school, the constantly losing Golden Kids members start to get picked on and bullied, and the adults worry that the bullying will only get worse. When the team members become depressed and lose their will to play, they see Goal practicing outside, silently and as hard as he can. Once again, the Golden Kids start to practice intensely to get that one win. The next game for the Golden Kids will be against the second best team in the Jonan League, the Wild Tigers. Will the Golden Kids finally get their first win ever? What will the adults decide to do with the team? (Source: Official Website)
In this "action epic" set in the run-down slums, the title character Domerica is transformed into a monster one day.  (Source: ANN)
A special follow up version of Mizue Mirai's Timbre A-Z.
Animation accompanying a song for Kawaii Cook-san, a mascot created by Homme Temoin. On April 14, 2012, it began broadcast on television.
The story follows two girls who grow up on the island of Okinawa and a boy as they discover a robot.
The sequel to the Ankoku Cat ONA series.
Preview episode aired online.
The dinosaur fantasy revolves around a 12-year-old named Yuta and Gobi — a moving fossil. The two embark on a journey with Yuta's friends to chase a fossil thief and find Gobi's stolen fossil mother.  (Source: ANN)
Centers around the unprofitable artist Sam, the unprofitable playwright Borman, and their friend Greg. The one thing they all have in common is that they are poor. The three decide to enter a contest to earn money — but since they cannot afford to mail their entries, they decide to take the long trip to the competition site to bring their entries in person.  (Source: ANN)
A collaboration anime between Frente International's Pinky candy mascot and Nissan Soap's Fafa laundry mascot. North American viewers may recognize Fafa under a different name "Snuggle". The mascot for the fabric softener brand owned by Sun Products.
Anon Pictures' parody of Super Sentai opening sequences.
---- A guitar has been a friend since he was a child. ---- If he has as guitar, he was happy. A guitarist Shun, who has been swallowed by the huge vibration of rock & roll, is around by it and always feels "thirst" in his daily life. --- "How can I express myself through music?" Ignoring his concerns, he is announced by his business company that he will be transferred to the Shanghai office. His colleague and girlfriend Kaori is very pleased with his opportunity. "It would be an ordinary life but it won't be bad building a happy life with her...." Just as he is thinking about his new life, Shun meets a mysterious girl name Kyoko. She made her an idol debut in the past, but she disappeared from the show business because she couldn't stand being an idol anymore. Like Shun, she started to think how she can express herself through music. The two has met by chance. "You shouldn't stay here!" Kyoko's advice moved him greatly. What has occurred between Kyoko and a veteran guitarist Terada? Which should Shun must take, "an ordinary happy life" or the "unforeseen future?" Kaori worries about her boyfriend Shun. What will happen between them? ...and the story reaches to the climax. People don't live to comfort each other. Life is to insist ourselves to each other and express "something" that born by the confrontation even if we hurt someone. And even if that "something" seems like a "spiral." When Shun and Kyoko know that they had a same feeling, a new "What if...?" appears in their mind. (Source: Official site)
Roberta, the terrorist-turned-maid that made her appearence in the first season of Black Lagoon, returns in this five-episode OVA series—and this time, all bets are off! Roberta's benefactor, the patriarch of the Lovelace clan, is murdered during a political rally. The assassin's trail soon leads back to Roanapur—so now she has returned on a mission of vengeance! However, close behind her is the new patriarch, Garcia, as well as Roberta's apprentice (and maid), Fabiola Iglesias. As the body count of Roberta's bloody rampage mounts, forces from within the corrupt island (which includes the Lagoon Company), as well as overseas converge on what threatens to escalate into all-out war!
OVA of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu which was announced to be released before the start of the second series.
While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot's arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn't study for.
10 years after the events of xxxHOLiC Shunmuki, a melancholic Kimihiro Watanuki has taken over the shop formerly run by the mysterious Yuuko due to a promise he made to her. His companions Maru, Moro, and Mokona live together with him in relative contentment, and some familiar faces arrive every now and then: former rival turned-steadfast friend Shizuka Doumeki, and the former psychic prodigy Kohane Tsuyuri. While Kohane studies folklore under Doumeki at university, they encounter a case that is perfect for the master of the shop. Eventually, Watanuki receives a visit from Doumeki's grandfather, Haruka. He requests that Watanuki investigates his grandson's dreams. While inside the dream world, he discovers how their past adventures played out from Doumeki's perspective of view, leading Watanuki to discover truths from 10 years ago and secrets about the ties that bind their friendship. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two OVA episodes featuring additional stories.  Episode 0: Ritsu and Takano used to date back in high school, but broke up due to a misunderstanding. This is that story.  Episode 12.5: Hatori and Chiaki go to visit the latter's family. It's really awkward in many, many ways. 
The sequel to Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas - Meiou Shinwa.
Tobias, Mary, and Sakuya challenge the impregnable "The One Sin", but they lose their way in the maze and unintentionally trap other guild members. A mysterious cat is watching their blunder. Is it another player character or NPC? 
All-new animation offered throughout UNIQLO clothing stores in Japan on January 1, 2011. The DVD contains an exclusive version of Mayonaka Orchestra, by the Japanese rock band Aqua Timez. A limited number of the DVDs was offered as presents to people who bought UNIQLO's Naruto graphic T-shirts online or in their stores. (Source: ANN, edited)
Based on the live-action CW show Supernatural, the anime will be a 22-episode season that will cover the storyline of the live-action version's first two seasons. The anime project will not only remake the best episodes from the live-action version, but also depict original episodes not seen in the live-action version. Those original episodes will include prologues of the Winchester brothers' childhood, anime-only enemies, and episodes featuring secondary characters from the live-action version. (Source: ANN)
After the school festival, Kohei and friends head to a small cottage out of town and enjoy themselves after working hard.
Kaoru is a 17-year-old virgin who has an S&M fetish. He has always dreamt about an SM relationship with his childhood friend Nana, who is looked upon as perfect and is always the target of boys' eyes. Their relationship has somewhat deteriorated through the years, due to them hanging out with different people and because Kaoru is not taking his education too seriously. One day though, Kaoru's mother gives some of his S&M toys to Nana for safekeeping - Nana finds the leather one-piece that Kaoru bought and tries it on but accidentally locks herself in it and doesn't have the key! Kaoru frees her of the one-piece, but then Nana realizes she may like Kaoru's hobby more than she thought and subsequently the two of them start engaging in so-called "breathers". These breathers are intended to relieve Nana of stress, stress originating from her attempts at keeping her grades and her name perfect.
OVAs bundled with volumes 42, 43 & 46 of the Aa! Megami-sama! manga. 
Based on a manga by Mitsunaga Yasunori, serialised in Monthly Shounen Sirius. Hiyorimi Hiro moves to a new city to live with his older sister, but dies before he can find her. He then awakens to a new life as a servant of a Princess of the Monster Realm, who just happens to be employing his sister. Monsters soon appear to attack or pester the princess since she is in line for the royal throne, and Hiro must protect her with his life (and repeated deaths). (Soure: ANN)
Two short OVA of Hakuouki distributed to those who purchased all six volumes of the DVD. A fandisc game "Hakuoki Zuisouroku" and an official parody "Hakuoki SSL (a high school parody)" were animated.
 An OVA adaptation of the climactic part of Saiyuuki Gaiden. 
In an isolated prison, there are only four prisoners and a cat. One day, a power outage opens all the locks and all of the prisoners are released. However, all of the guards are nowhere to be seen and there are no exits. An extraordinary event occurs in response to an old man's strange behavior. (Source: ANN) 
OVA bundled with the special edition of manga volume 3. Morita Mayu is a high school girl. She is extremely reticent and her silence and habit of looking at people's eyes straightly sometimes cause misunderstanding. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether. Despite this, she lives a happy school life with her classmates. 
Ryuichi is a university student. He used to live alone and enjoyed his school life. But one day, his apartment was destroyed by a fire.... He reluctantly comes back to his house. But his house has been changed to a boarding house for girls...! It seems there is no place for him to live. But they all allow him to stay there together! His new life begins like this.... (Source: Himeya Shop)
Shun is the only male teacher at Kyoukasen Girls’ School, a well-known high class school also known as the “Water School” since it is situated in a forest and there is a lake on the school grounds. It is a place to heal the wounds of those girls who are hurt. He meets girls who shut off themselves from the world, those who don’t have confidence in themselves, those who are still traumatized by their past. He decides to help them move forward with their lives. (Source: VNDB)
The vampire. A legendary creature that lives in the shadows and preys on humanity. Onohara Mikage is an unfortunate girl who sold herself to a clan of vampires to pay off her parents' debt. What has the clan head, Claude, prepared for her? Will she be able to pay herself off and obtain her freedom?
The "bittersweet, mysterious story" revolves around Chocolat Aikawa, a chocolatière who runs a shop called Chocolat Noir. She can grant wishes to the troubled people who visit her shop—if they give her something precious in exchange.
The story takes place in a trading city Eta'Aria. Leicester Maycraft is an item engineer belonging to an adventurer guild "Oasis". One night, he is at a party with his friends to see a meteor stream on the rooftop of a chapel. (Source: ANN)
Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan OVA.
Raika's brother died suddenly. She changed to her brother's school (all-boy school), so she could to find why he committed suicide. Someone interferes with her and discovers her identity leading closer to the truth behind her brother's death. 
Based on the erotic game "Toriko Hime - Hakudaku Mamire no Reijō" by Guilty. Minase Shizuru is the daughter of a rich politician. This being so, she attends a prestigious academy together with friends of a similar status. However, her life is turned upside down when she gets kidnapped by members of Tsuruma Consulting, including her own classmate, the young master Tsuruma who is the son of the company's owner. They force Minase and her friends from the academy to be sex slaves for test subjects in their research facility. Together and with determination, Minase and her friends try to devise a way out of this small slice of hell. (Sources: ANN, AniDB)
One day, Yamato, Mikoto and Takeru visit a village in the mountain for the training to be monster hunters. They have various hard trainings and finally become the monster hunters. But there is something wrong with Yamato's body. His body gradually changes into a monster... what is happening to his body? Who can stop it? To save Yamato, Mikoto and Takeru make every effort to do so. What is the secret to Yamato's body? What will happen to Mikoto and Takeru? (Source: ErogeShop)
Since Kagetora doesn't study at all, he is sent to a strict boarding school. One day, he meets three beautiful girls at school and falls in love with them.... To have sex with them, he makes a secret plan... (Source: ErogeShop)
The project is a spinoff from Circus's D.C. Da Capo franchise and features the Yoshino Sakura character as a seemingly ordinary third grader with secret special powers. (Source: AniDB)
Anemone is a story about a girl who strays into a world of wonder. She goes deeper into her internal world—her heart—and, in the end, retrieves an important thing that she lost. (Source: Official site)
The story begins when the kingdom of Noigllado suddenly invades the small country of Azuelgatt and brings it to the brink of destruction. General Adnowell leads Noigllado's troops against Azuelgatt's final, remaining line of defense: the fortress Doroah, led by a skilled female warrior named Shamshir. (Source: ANN)
Based on the eroge "Shoujo Senki Soul Eater" by Lune.
Based on "Fighting of Ecstasy 2009" (erotic game) by Crimson. (Source: ANN)
A new short CGI movie and a short extra anime bundled with the special edition of the game Macross Triangle Frontier.
Otoko no Ko Ojou-sama tells the story of a servant boy named Hikaru and his mistress Ayana. Ayana's favorite hobby is dressing the cute and girlish Hikaru in female clothes and video taping him as they engage in acts of pleasure.
The story centers on Nonoha Nonohara, a young manga artist who just enrolled in a new school. She finds herself surrounded by a group of three "super-cute" guys. (Source: MU)
Shinta is just an average student. But one day, a tentacle-shaped alien suddenly parasitizes in his penis. Shinta complains about it, but the alien answers there will be no problem because it can mimic. Shinta decides to satisfy his sexual desire using this power.... (Source: Eroge Shop)
There's a new teacher in town—Spelunker! This unusual man is anything but a typical instructor, giving speeches about traffic safety to the students, reacting strangely to a humidifier, and enjoying lunch— albeit with ample condiment mishaps. With such a bizarre new role model to learn from, Spelunker's students will never be the same! (Source: Anime-Planet)
Chirico visits an oasis town and meets Gotho and his friends for the first time in 32 years.
Nozomu is a student, but famous in the field of psychiatry. He works hard every day to find a way to remove mental concerns of women. Actually, his deceased father worked on this theme and he now takes it over. One day, he submits a report, but it is thrown out soon. The theme of his report is, "Women's current concerns attribute to their past mental conflicts, especially during adolescence. By removing their past mental concerns with hypnotism and making them experience a satisfying school life, their depression will be cured." "It's just an armchair theory. No one will believe it." Nozomu gets upset and makes up his mind to prove it. Days later, he somehow collects three girls, Mirai, his mother, Kyouka, Mirai's friend, and Izumi, his old friend. Like this, his grand experiment involving "married women in sailor's uniform" starts.... (Source: ErogeShop)
Based on the game by Lune. (Source: AniDB)
The story begins with a very sexually active female lead imagining all possibly risky situations that she would have or could have had with her date if he didn't leave for the evening.
My husband, Keiichiro, was struck down by illness. Mr. Noyama, our family doctor, said he would need to have a rest for a while. But he hasn't got well though a few weeks have passed. I have now a concern about myself. Yes, it's about sex.... It's impossible to ask for sex to my husband. I can't masturbate myself at home because there are my husband and daughter. I can't talk to anyone about it.... I recently feel sexually excited when Mr. Noyama comes to my house. Is this because I'm not sexually satisfied or I suffer from some kind of illness? Oh, Mr. Noyama comes again.... (Source: Eroge Shop)
Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, The Perfect Evolution features 10 new animated versions of improvised comedy sketches.
Fifth Break Blade Movie.
Sixth and final Break Blade movie.
According to Weekly Shonen Jump, 3D movies of One Piece and Toriko were announced to premiere on March 19th, 2011. One Piece 3D is an original story about the missing straw hat of Luffy. 
Second Macross Frontier movie.
When a young boy named Tooichi stumbles upon an old lamp in his grandfather's shed, he mistakes it for a toy and takes it outside to play. When his grandfather discovers this, he reprimands the boy and begins recounting the story behind the artifact—of how a small, traditional Japanese town became Westernized.  In his youth, Tooichi's grandfather, Minosuke, made a living by doing errands and chores for the townspeople. After one errand takes him to a nearby town, he witnesses Western lamps—a technology unfamiliar to him—light up the streets, igniting a spark in the young boy. From that moment on, lamps became Minosuke's passion and profession, changing his and the townspeople's lives forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kenji Kamiyama and Production I.G's Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex: Solid State Society movie will be converted into stereoscopic 3D. Kamiyama himself is overseeing the conversion, and I.G will also add a newly animated opening sequence.
A Toriko movie, the action in it takes place before the beginning of the TV series. The story follows a kid, Peck, who lives in a village attacked by a Gerold. So, he seeks the help of Toriko.
Kizuna Todoroki is a young girl who fights using the teachings of the Wadachi Ju-ken school. After winning a big tournament, the day still isn't over for the Kizuna's family. Kizuna's family are visited by a woman journalist for an interview but are interrupted by a new group of challengers.
The mother of a OL (office lady) sends her an old dresser. The thing is much too big for her small apartment and she doesn't know what to do with it.  One night she falls asleep after having a few drinks and wakes up after hearing strange sounds. She sees a child's figure by the table taking some rice crackers...  The OL's life with six spirit children begins.
Young Mari hates eating vegetables and drinking milk so much that she has nightmares about being force-fed the items. One day at school, the young girl chokes down her milk and vegetables and promptly faints from the shock. When she wakes up in the nurse’s office, she comes face to face with Ninninman, Piman and Milk, three food sprites that only appear when Mari drinks her milk and eats her carrots and peppers. Though Mari is less than enthusiastic about being haunted by her most hated foodstuffs, can the three spirits help her realize the importance of friendship, and maybe even teach her to finish her meals? (Source: ANN)
Precure 10th Anniversary Movie and 3rd Precure All Stars DX. Enemies are from all the Precure works. 
Jealous of Suneo's new robot toy, Nobita asks Doraemon to build him an even better one. Doraemon initially refuses, until Nobita accidentally discovers pieces of a mysterious robot that falls from the sky. After gathering all the robot parts and assembled them together, the giant robot, Zanda Claus, is soon completed. The duo soon learn that the robot is not a mere toy, but a powerful weapon in the fight against the coming Robot Army that is going to attack Earth and enslave the human inhabitants of it. An invasion is near, as a mysterious girl Riruru (リルル, Alternative spelling: Lilulu, Lillele [Doko Demo Doa Scanlations]) shows up, looking for the robot. (Source: Wikipedia)
Short anime screened in theaters with the stereoscopic 3D conversion of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex - Solid State Society movie. The story of Xi Avant is set in Spain and other locales in the near future, and it is tied to the NTT Docomo mobile phone network's next-generation Xi service. (Source: ANN)
Dramatic story of the Yamazaki family during the year Showa 39 (1964), the year that Tokyo hosted the Summer Olympics.
Constellations were created thousands years ago and they have been handed down generation after generation up to now. This show focuses on this great fact. In the show, you will see instruction on constellations and movement of the sun, moon and planets against constellations. An associated story from Greek myths is provided with beautiful CG including the tale of Astraea, the goddess of justice, who is closely related to the constellation Libra.
The Ninjutsu Academy students return from summer break to hear that due to one of Komatsuda's mistakes, all their summer homework was mixed up. As a result Kisanta, who received an assignment meant for a sixth year, has gone missing after trying to sneak into Oomagatoki Castle to steal their lord's fundoshi. A group including Shinbei and Kirimaru is sent to rescue him, but since Oomagatoki is at war with Tasogaredoki Castle it might be a difficult mission.  At the same time, Ninjutsu Academy receives a request for support from a village troubled by the war, and Rantarou and the remaining students and teachers head there to help out.
The House, which echoes of the wildly surreal worlds seen in Spirited Away, focuses on Ga-young, a young woman who moves to an old town where she meets Zipsin, the spirit of a house that is soon to be demolished. Whisked away on an enchanted adventure, Ga-young and Zipsin seek out a new spirit who may be able to help them—and together, they hatch a scheme to save the house from those who don't believe in its magic.
A Himitsukessha Taka no Tsume spin-off movie sponsored entirely by Toyota which had a limited theatrical run; in order to promote their hybrid car line. In the film, the Chancellor takes a break from Eagle Talon to become a struggling section chief of the Metropolitan Police Department Hybrid Division (which was born from the consolidation of several ministries for financial reasons). 
The spring festival is around corner, but Mr. wolf doesn't feel happy at all. Mrs. Wolf is going to have baby, but Mr. Wolf can't catch any sheep. What is more, their castle is torn down making them homeless. Mr. Wolf needs to fight back.  In the mean time, a sheep from the moon returns and tells the other sheep the secret of the sugar moon. The sheep go to the moon but are followed by wolfs. They are going to have war on the moon.  Filled with different sorts of yummy candies, Moon used to be a paradise for those with a sweet tooth. It's also the residence of the Moon fairy and her magical rabbit. But one day the Lord of Bitterness invades Moon with the intention of making their happy life miserable. The rabbit escapes to Earth and seeks help from Pleasant Goat, who then leads a ragtag group of rescuers - including his nemesis Big Big Wolf - to restore peace on Moon. (Source: YesAsia & China Image Film Festival)
Fifth Old Master Q animated movie.
(No synopsis yet.)
A short film by ShiShi Yamazaki which depicting herself dancing through the Yanaka, Nezu, and Sendagi areas of Taitou, Tokyo.
Celty Sturluson is tasked to deliver a suspicious red handbag as part of her courier duties—the problem is: it is being sought by several organizations. As she makes her way through Ikebukuro toward the place the bag is supposed to be brought to, she is chased by mysterious men speaking a foreign language, and her package ends up dragging many of the city's residents into the conflict. Subsequently, famous actor Yuuhei Hanejima has just arrived in Ikebukuro as part of a special TV program, searching for the best couple to give them a chance to appear in one of his movies. However, Yuuhei Hanejima is actually a stage name for Kasuka Heiwajima, Shizuo's younger brother, and when an anonymous internet user threatens to kill the superstar, this user learns the weight of what that relationship means. Moreover, Shizuo discovers that the one responsible for the attempted attack is the meddlesome pest that he loathes with a burning passion. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A special episode of K-ON!! released in the ninth volume of Blu-ray and DVD. The girls plan a trip abroad and go to the passport office to apply for passports.
While walking home, Mikiya Kokutou comes across a familiar sight: Shiki Ryougi standing by a railing amidst the falling snow, just as when he first met her four years ago. While the two talk of their past and shared experiences, Mikiya realizes that something is strange about Shiki; rather, this is not the woman he has come to know, but an entirely different entity that dwells within Shiki's body... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Kimi ni Todoke story so far, from Kurumi's point of view. 
A two-episode special. They are designated as Episodes 13 and 14, and the first episode is a direct sequel to the previous series while the second episode is about the trans-sex of Natsuru.
These episodes focus on ecchi and comedy and don't have anything to do with the main story of Freezing. 
New series of shorts featuring Index-tan.
Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays.
Extra episodes of Hetalia World Series.  Includes: - Hetalia Extra 1: Chatty Nordics - Hetalia Extra 2: Celebrating Halloween - Hetalia Extra 3: Previously in Hetalia - Hetalia Extra 4: Hetalia = Fantasia 
A series of animations based on prize-winning short stories for women. Kawamo wo Suberu Kaze (January 7, 2011) In the story, 33-year-old Kanazawa native Noriko had decided long ago not to accept an ordinary, provincial life for herself. So, she had gone to college in Tokyo, worked on her own, married a man at an elite trading firm, and had a child. She has just returned home from five years abroad with her husband and four-year-old son. However, she senses a large emptiness in her heart since coming back. Moreover, there is a man who shares a big secret with Noriko. Yuuge (March 10, 2013) Mimi, a wife in her late 20s, leaves her family and begins living with a young man. Jinsei Best 10 (March 17, 2013) Hatoko, a business woman, faces her upcoming 40th birthday and reunites with the person with whom she shared her first kiss in middle school, over two decades ago. Dokoka Dewanai Koko (March 24, 2013) A 43-year-old housewife gets a glimpse of a complicated relationship between a mother and a daughter. (Source: ANN) 
A special unaired episode included in the 7th DVD/Blu-ray volume.
Short episodes included in Blu-ray and DVD release, adapting the side story "Kuragehime Heroes☆", a spin-off manga serialized in Kiss Plus magazine. Supporting characters are featured in short chapters.
Recap episode. The first part of the episode consists of the recap, the second part consists of some interviews with the cast.
A DVD Special of Haiyoru! Nyaruani: Remember My Love(craft-sensei) which is also episode 12 of the series and takes place after the last episode of the anime.
One-hour special split into 2 episodes during the airing of Pokemon Best Wishes! featuring the old characters from the Diamond & Pearl series Hikari and Takeshi with their Pokemon. Episode 1 - ヒカリ・新たなる旅立ち! (Hikari, Arata Naru Tabidachi!): Hikari - Setting off on a New Journey! Episode 2 - ニビジム・史上最大の危機! (Nibi Gym, Shijou Saidai no Kiki!): Nibi Gym - The Greatest Crisis Ever!
Specials included in the Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu: Matsuri BD/DVD volumes featuring alternative endings to the OVA episodes.
Brook introduces the Thousand Sunny's while Luffy searches for his straw hat. This was a special included in a limited edition DVD that was released in Nissan stores across Japan. The DVD also included the making of One Piece 3D: Straw Hat Chase.
DVD specials for .hack//Quantum. Main girls are being very special creatures and take lessons about the anime.
A special included in the DVD of Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan OVA and the BD-BOX of Shin Koihime†Musou: Otome Tairan.
The main character Tatsumi Mai is a girl who uses magic to understand the feelings of people.
The four "eyecatch" bumpers with the Despicable Me cameos tell a standalone short story. Over the four weeks leading up to the timeslot change, the minions are pitching in to help the Inazuma Eleven team move. (Source: ANN)
An original anime project promoting the local Okinawa agricultural and industrial businesses and sponsored by the Okinawa Prefecture. Set in Japan's Okinawa Prefecture the story is about three girls who are into music, dance, Okinawan stage productions and karate.  (Source: AniDB)
3 bonus episodes centering around TV Asahi's female announcers.
Chronologically these are 13th and 15th episodes of the 1st series included on the DVD release in 2011. 
DVD exclusive episodes, chronologically episode 26-29.
The 1st DVD release of Tsubuyaki-tai lists two "adult" specials.
