The self-proclaimed mad scientist Rintarou Okabe rents out a room in a rickety old building in Akihabara, where he indulges himself in his hobby of inventing prospective "future gadgets" with fellow lab members: Mayuri Shiina, his air-headed childhood friend, and Hashida Itaru, a perverted hacker nicknamed "Daru." The three pass the time by tinkering with their most promising contraption yet, a machine dubbed the "Phone Microwave," which performs the strange function of morphing bananas into piles of green gel. Though miraculous in itself, the phenomenon doesn't provide anything concrete in Okabe's search for a scientific breakthrough; that is, until the lab members are spurred into action by a string of mysterious happenings before stumbling upon an unexpected success—the Phone Microwave can send emails to the past, altering the flow of history. Adapted from the critically acclaimed visual novel by 5pb. and Nitroplus, Steins;Gate takes Okabe through the depths of scientific theory and practicality. Forced across the diverging threads of past and present, Okabe must shoulder the burdens that come with holding the key to the realm of time. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Humans and demons are two sides of the same coin, as are Assiah and Gehenna, their respective worlds. The only way to travel between the realms is by the means of possession, like in ghost stories. However, Satan, the ruler of Gehenna, cannot find a suitable host to possess and therefore, remains imprisoned in his world. In a desperate attempt to conquer Assiah, he sends his son instead, intending for him to eventually grow into a vessel capable of possession by the demon king. Ao no Exorcist follows Rin Okumura who appears to be an ordinary, somewhat troublesome teenager—that is until one day he is ambushed by demons. His world turns upside down when he discovers that he is in fact the very son of Satan and that his demon father wishes for him to return so they can conquer Assiah together. Not wanting to join the king of Gehenna, Rin decides to begin training to become an exorcist so that he can fight to defend Assiah alongside his brother Yukio. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Jinta Yadomi is peacefully living as a recluse, spending his days away from school and playing video games at home instead. One hot summer day, his childhood friend, Meiko "Menma" Honma, appears and pesters him to grant a forgotten wish. He pays her no mind, which annoys her, but he doesn't really care. After all, Menma already died years ago. At first, Jinta thinks that he is merely hallucinating due to the summer heat, but he is later on convinced that what he sees truly is the ghost of Menma. Jinta and his group of childhood friends grew apart after her untimely death, but they are drawn together once more as they try to lay Menma's spirit to rest. Re-living their pain and guilt, will they be able to find the strength to help not only Menma move on—but themselves as well? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It looked like it would be a normal day for Ganta Igarashi and his classmates—they were preparing to go on a class field trip to a certain prison amusement park called Deadman Wonderland, where the convicts perform dangerous acts for the onlookers' amusement. However, Ganta's life is quickly turned upside down when his whole class gets massacred by a mysterious man in red. Framed for the incident and sentenced to death, Ganta is sent to the very jail he was supposed to visit.  But Ganta's nightmare is only just beginning.  The young protagonist is thrown into a world of sadistic inmates and enigmatic powers, to live in constant fear of the lethal collar placed around his neck that is slowed only by winning in the prison's deathly games. Ganta must bet his life to survive in a ruthless place where it isn't always easy to tell friend from foe, all while trying to find the mysterious "Red Man" and clear his name, in Deadman Wonderland. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nichijou primarily focuses on the daily antics of a trio of childhood friends—high school girls Mio Naganohara, Yuuko Aioi and Mai Minakami—whose stories soon intertwine with the young genius Hakase Shinonome, her robot caretaker Nano, and their talking cat Sakamoto. With every passing day, the lives of these six, as well as of the many people around them, experience both the calms of normal life and the insanity of the absurd. Walking to school, being bitten by a talking crow, spending time with friends, and watching the principal suplex a deer: they are all in a day's work in the extraordinary everyday lives of those in Nichijou.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Keima Katsuragi, the "God of Conquest," returns to his quest of expelling runaway spirits that have possessed the hearts of women. Still stuck in his contract with the demon Elsie, he must continue to utilize the knowledge he has gained from mastering multitudes of dating simulators and chase out the phantoms that reside within by capturing the hearts of that which he hates most: three-dimensional girls. However, the God of Conquest has his work cut out for him. From exorcising karate practitioners and student teachers to the arrival of Elsie's best friend from Hell, he is up against a wide array of girls that will test his wit and may even take him by surprise. Though he would much rather stick to the world of 2D, he is trapped in lousy reality, and so Keima must trudge forward in his conquest of love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In response to the worsening crime rate, Japan creates Tokyo Butei High, an elite academy where "Butei" or armed detectives hone their deadly skills in hopes of becoming mercenary-like agents of justice. One particular Butei is Kinji Tooyama, an anti-social and curt sophomore dropout who was once a student of the combat-centric Assault Division. Kinji now lives a life of leisure studying logistics in order to cover up his powerful but embarrassing special ability. However, his peaceful days soon come to an end when he becomes the target of the infamous "Butei Killer," and runs into an emotional hurricane and outspoken prodigy of the highest rank, Aria Holmes Kanzaki, who saves Kinji's life and demands that he become her partner after seeing what he is truly capable of. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ohana Matsumae is an energetic and wild teenager residing in Tokyo with her carefree single mother. Abruptly, her mother decides to run away with her new boyfriend from debt collectors, forcing the young girl to fend for herself—as per her mother's "rely only on yourself" philosophy—in rural Japan, where her cold grandmother runs a small inn. Driven to adapt to the tranquil lifestyle of the countryside, Ohana experiences and deals with the challenges of working as a maid, as well as meeting and making friends with enthralling people at her new school and the inn. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Money is power, and without it, life is meaningless. In a country whose economy is in shambles, second-year Economics university student Kimimaro Yoga understands this fact all too well, as he is surrounded by the relatively luxurious lives of his peers and struggling to make ends meet. However, his world is turned on its head when a stranger in a top hat arrives one late night at his door. Going by the name Masakaki, the visitor petitions Yoga to come to the Eastern Financial District, a place where money flows in abundance if one offers their "future" as collateral. Although reluctant, greed triumphs reason and Yoga accepts the offer; thus, taking on the mantle of an "Entre." But unbeknownst to him, the land of wealth he has entered is an alternate realm built in the likeness of his own, where Entres are forced to participate in weekly duels called "Deals," with their collateral at stake. Pitted against his countrymen and fate, Yoga must quickly adapt in this new world if he hopes to protect his fortune and future—and discover just how much money is truly worth. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Makoto Niwa meticulously tallies the amount of positive and negative youthful experiences he engages in as if to grade his own life. When his parents go overseas, he moves to a new town to live with his aunt, welcoming the change and ready for a fresh start. However, as ordinary as he had imagined his adolescence to be, he could never have taken the existence of an enigmatic long-lost cousin into account. Upon moving into his aunt's house, he discovers the cousin he never knew about: Erio Touwa. Despite being Makoto's age, she couldn't be more different: Erio chooses to wrap herself in a futon all day rather than to go to school. She even claims to be an alien, and with a speech pattern and personality to back it up, any chance of Makoto's dreamt-of normal life is instantly tossed out the window. As he meets a string of other eccentric girls in town, Makoto must face the possibility of seeing his youth points in the red. However, he might be surprised by how thrilling an abnormal youth can be. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In Stern Bild City, those with special abilities are called "NEXT," and can use their powers for good or bad. A unique organized group of NEXT appear regularly on Hero TV, where they chase down evildoers to bring limelight to their sponsors and earn Hero Points in the hopes of becoming the next "King of Heroes." Kotetsu T. Kaburagi, known as "Wild Tiger," is a veteran hero whose performance has been dwindling as of late, partially due to his inability to cooperate with other heroes. After a disappointing season in which most of the other heroes far outperformed Tiger, he is paired up with a brand new hero who identifies himself by his real name—Barnaby Brooks Jr. Barnaby, nicknamed "Bunny" by his frivolous new partner, quickly makes it clear that the two could not be more different. Though they mix as well as oil and water, Tiger and Bunny must learn to work together, both for the sake of their careers and to face the looming threats within Stern Bild. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
At Kaimei High School there is a special club dedicated to helping others known as the SKET Brigade. The brains of the group is Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, a tech-savvy otaku who speaks through speech synthesis software, while the brawn is provided by Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, the hockey stick-wielding girl once known as "Onihime." And last but not least, their leader is Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, whose latent ability is evoked by his goggles, allowing him to summon the awesome power of extraordinary concentration.  However, most of the school only know them as the club that handles odd jobs. Many of their days are spent in the clubroom slacking off, but when there is something to be done, they give their all to help others—usually in sincere, but unintentionally hilarious, ways. The SKET Brigade do all they can to provide support, kindness, encouragement, and troubleshooting to any students crazy enough to ask for their services.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Dog Days takes place in the world of Flonyard, an alternate Earth inhabited by beings who resemble humans, but also have the ears and tails of specific animals. The Republic of Biscotti, a union of dog-like citizens, has come under attack by the feline forces of the Galette Leo Knights. In an effort to save Biscotti, Princess Millhiore summons a champion from another world in order to defend her people. That champion is Cinque Izumi, a normal junior high student from Earth. Agreeing to assist Biscotti, Cinque retrieves a sacred weapon called the Palladion and prepares for war. In Flonyard, wars are fought with no casualties and are more akin to sports competitions with the goal of raising money for the participating kingdoms. Cinque is successful in his role as Biscotti’s champion, but learns that a summoned champion cannot be returned to their home world. The scientists of Biscotti will endeavor to find a way for Cinque to return home, but until they figure something out, he must serve Princess Millhiore by continuing to fight as Biscotti’s hero.
After having to deal with jealousy from his co-workers for working under his father's name, prideful literary editor Ritsu Onodera is determined to establish himself in the industry. To accomplish this, he quits his job at his father's publishing company and transfers to Marukawa Publishing. But instead of being placed in their literary division, Ritsu finds himself working as the rookie manga editor for the Emerald editing department, a team that operates under extremely tight schedules in order to meet deadlines. There, Ritsu is introduced to the infamous editor-in-chief Masamune Takano, a persistent man who strives for results. As it turns out, Takano is actually Ritsu's high school love, and it is the aftermath of that heartbreak has caused Ritsu's reluctance to fall in love again. Now with the two reunited after several years of separation, the reestablishment of their relationship is marked by Takano's vow to make Ritsu say that he loves him again. Sekaiichi Hatsukoi follows three couples that are interconnected within the manga industry, with each being subject to the budding of first love.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kazuma Hoshino is preparing himself for a new stage of his life as a teenager. Because of his brother Ayumu’s weaker than average health, their parents thought it best for the family to move out from the city to a more rural environment. Now the two brothers are off to the Yorozuyo Inn where they’ll be staying until their parents can settle affairs back in the city and set up their new home. Their arrival to the inn doesn’t go as planned though when they catch the wrong bus, wind up in the middle of nowhere, Ayumu gets his hat stolen by a wild monkey, and Kazuma gets lost in the woods trying to track the animal down. It all leads to a chance encounter with a spirited young girl named Ui, who Kazuma ends up accidentally falling onto and kissing while she tries leading him back to the bus stop. This hardly sits well with Ui’s friend Ibuki who swiftly kicks Kazuma and sends him on his way. Much to Kazuma’s continued horror, his bad luck is perpetuated at the inn thanks to its landlady Senka and her slightly perverted sense of humor, and then finding out that two of his classmates are the girls he embarrassed himself in front of back in the woods! Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi finds Kazuma adapting to his new school, dealing with the multiple women who have entered his life, providing emotional support for his younger brother, and coping with living with his new landlady. However, for some reason, something about this place is bringing whispers of the past into Kazuma's mind. Small flashes back to a more innocent time and a friendship long forgotten. What could this déjà vu mean?
The young succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar hates men. She hates them so much, in fact, that she goes out of her way to surround herself with women, and ends up with quite a collection of ladies with quirky personalities. Unfortunately, her duties as a succubus require her to form a harem of men to replenish her magic. Astarotte lives a fairly carefree life, until the World Tree opens a path into another realm and swallows up one of her companions. Luckily, Astarotte's friend returns unharmed, along with a handsome surprise. Naoya Touhara is a man, and a human one at that. He's perfect for becoming Astarotte's first male companion, if she can get over her hatred of men and accept him into her life. Naoya decides to stay in Astarotte's world and help her on her journey into adulthood, under one condition: he wants to bring his daughter Asuha with him.
Owing to an increasing debt, Kaiji Itou ends up resuming his old lifestyle. One day, while walking on the street, he stumbles upon Yuuji Endou, who is hunting Kaiji due to the money he owes to the Teiai Group. Unaware of this, Kaiji eagerly follows Endou, hoping for a chance to participate in another gamble, but soon finds out the loan shark's real intentions when he is kidnapped. Given that Kaiji is unable to pay off his huge debt, the Teiai Group instead sends him to work in an underground labor camp. He is told that he will have to live in this hell for 15 years, alongside other debtors, until he can earn his freedom. His only hope to put an early end to this nightmare is by saving enough money to be able to go back to the surface for a single day. Once he is there, he plans to obtain the remaining money needed to settle his account by making a high-stakes wager. However, as many temptations threaten his scarce income, Kaiji may have to resort to gambling sooner than he had expected. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sasha is partnered with Hana as his new Maria. They infiltrate an all-girls academy, forcing Sasha to crossdress, in search of a Qwaser-related artifact called the Magdalena of Thunder which has appeared in one of the students. However, they have some competition in their search of it. (Source: ANN)
Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tooru and Run have been best friends forever, so when Tooru learns that she's managed to get into the same high school as Run, she runs to tell her... only to find Run in a compromising position with yet another girl, Yuko. Needless to say, that makes things a bit awkward at school, with Tooru fending off those who might be interested in Run while Yuko and their other girlfriend, Nagi, have to deal with Run's own penchant for drama. (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
Haneda Takashi has a secret he cannot speak of. To leave his dull school-life, he was supposed to have escaped to another world. However, he is reeled in by certain ties on his heart. One of these is Kobato, his awkward younger sister. The other is Watarai Asuka, his negligent girlfriend. Chitose Shuusuke is a poor freeloader. He passes his days working at various part-time jobs. One day, he has a disastrous first encounter with Tamaizumi Hiyoko. The next time they meet, Shuusuke discovers that they are fellow employees at his part-time job. Narita Hayato sees himself as a "hard-boiled" person. Back-breaking jobs are nothing to him. Hayato shuns normal human contact, but, during the nights, he would get together with delinquents and other denizens of the night. One such night, he meets the cheerful and oblivious Otori Naru. The relationships with these girls will greatly affect these 3 young men. But what, exactly, is the relationship these young men have with each other? (Source: AnimeNFO)
Akutabe is a detective who summons devils to solve the troubles of his clients. One day, a low class devil Azazel Atsushi is summoned by Akutabe and is used harshly by him and his assistant Rinko.
When Kanako Miyamae transferred to a new all-girls school, she hoped to find true love. What she found instead was the beautiful Mariya Shidou, a charming classmate Kanako met on her first day. But Mariya has one flaw: she is actually a cross-dressing boy! After discovering Mariya's secret and becoming stuck with him as her roommate, Kanako's life has become a series of misfortunes. All she wants is to find the girl of her dreams, which is hard to do with the meddling of the sadistic Mariya and his sharp-tongued maid Matsurika Shinouji.  Maria†Holic Alive continues the story of Kanako as she deals with being Mariya's roommate and aims to find true love, while enduring high school itself.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on Mitsuba and Ichijinsha's 30-sai no Hoken Taiiku (Health and Physical Education for 30-Year-Olds) guidebook. The guide is aimed at men in their 30s who have not experienced romance or sex with women yet. Imagawa Hayao is a 30-year-old virgin bachelor. One day, a cupid descends from heaven with the express purpose of forcing him to graduate from virginity. Thus unfolds a pure love story between a 30-year-old bachelor and a 30-year-old bachelorette. (Source: AniDB)
Yu☆Gi☆Oh! Zexal follows the adventures of Yuuma Tsukumo in his hometown, the futuristic city of Heartland. Yuuma is an amateur duelist who wants to become the world's greatest Duel Monsters champion, having learned the basics of dueling from his father who disappeared long ago under mysterious circumstances. Always pushing himself to the limit in order to prove himself, Yuuma soon finds himself outmatched when dueling a bully to recover his friend's stolen cards. Just as hope seems lost, a mysterious spirit named Astral appears and helps Yuuma to win the duel. Astral explains that his memories have been lost and split into 99 cards called Numbers that have been scattered all over the world. These Numbers are extremely dangerous; each card has a will of its own and can possess any duelist who uses it by bringing out the deepest, and often darkest, desires of that person's heart. Seeing that Astral is a skilled duelist and wanting to better himself, Yuuma reluctantly agrees to assist Astral in recovering the Numbers. But Yuuma and Astral are not the only Number Hunters out there and many of the other parties seeking these powerful cards have much more malicious desires than recovering lost memories.
Matsutaka Nanako is a normal university student, who happened to enroll in an Abnormal Physiology seminar. She tries to keep her mental state sound, but other abnormal classmates start to influence her personality... (Source: MU)
Tenma Matsukaze is a new student at Raimon Junior High. Due to his love for soccer, he decides to join the school soccer team, which gained its reputation after the amazing performance shown ten years earlier in the Football Frontier International, a tournament that hosts the best youth teams the world has to offer. Unfortunately, the once renowned school doesn't have the soccer spirit it once enjoyed. This is primarily due to the fact that soccer in Japan is now controlled by a dark entity known as the "Fifth Sector." They alone decide the fate of every match, instructing teams to either win or lose. The actions of the Fifth Sector have beaten down the country’s soccer teams, who no longer have a love for the game. Tenma and his teammates will look to shift this paradigm and fight back against their evil oppressors. Thankfully, they will not be alone in this battle, as they will get help from a group known as the "Resistance." Cheer on the boys of Inazuma Eleven Go as they fight the good fight!
Yoshino Hide is an average girl who always seems to find trouble wherever she goes. One day Yoshino visits a local shrine to pray in order to pass her upcoming test. However, Yoshino sees a blue light coming from inside the Shrine and looks inside to find a mysterious person performing a magic spell. In a stroke of bad luck, Yoshino trips on a small bell and crashes into the shrine, prompting the stranger to catch her. Upon Yoshino's capture, the magic spell spirals out of control and sends Yoshino back in time to the Sengoku Era. Yoshino then encounters Akechi Mitsuhide and Oda Nobunaga. But unlike what really happened during the era, Hideyoshino realizes that everyone in the world is female. She then decides to help Oda Nobunaga find the Crimson Armor which is said to allow the person wearing the armor to conquer all of Japan.
The X-Men are reunited following the death of a teammate, and are summoned by Charles Xavier to Japan following the abduction of Hisako Ichiki (Armor). There, they confront the U-Men, a lunatic cult that steals and transplants mutant organs to further strengthen their own army, and the battle for justice is on. (Source: Marvel)
The tennis comedy centers around the members of a female middle school soft tennis team and the twists and turns that their lives take as they aim for the nationals. (Source: MU)
Minami joins her High School baseball team as a team manager after finding out that her best friend Yuuki is in the hospital and can't be a team manager any more. In order to try to fill in for Yuuki and to help out the team the best she can, she goes out to find a book on how to manage a baseball team.  Unfortunately, she accidentally buys Peter Drucker's book called "Management: Tasks, Responsibilities, Practices" which is actually about how to properly manage a business. Because she couldn't return the book, she decides to read it anyway and to try to apply the business management concepts to the baseball team so that way they can go on and win the Nationals.
Returning to the Digital World, Taiki and Shoutmon learn that the Bagra Army has taken it over and reformatted the world to have Seven Kingdoms, each ruled by a general.  (Source: AniDB)
The story is set during Japan's Sengoku Jidai (Era of the Warring States) and centers on Furuta Sasuke, a vassal of the great warlord Oda Nobunaga and a man obsessed with tea ceremony and material desires in his pursuit of a fortuitous life. Having learned from Oda and the legendary tea master Sen no Soueki, Furuta walks the way of the Hyouge Mono. (Source: ANN)
In the Cosmos, an unusual event has occurred. Taking a break from their latest triumph over Faust and the Spiral Core, Ginga and Co find themselves saving a boy named Yuki from a mysterious youth named Johannes. Although Yuki is a boy genius and an astronomer, he is a Blader who owns “Anubius”. Yuki says that he has come to tell Ginga and his friends about the voice of the Star Fragment. He witnessed the Star Fragment (a meteor) fall from the sky one day. That single light dwells within Anubius and he says that he heard the voice of the Star Fragment that evening. A great evil is trying to revive the “Black Sun” and "Nemesis", the god of destruction, by using the unknown power of the Star Fragment and destroy the world. Ginga and his friends must fight again, just as soon as they get the hang of their new 4D system beys! The episode numbers continue from 103. 
Meet the Demon Patrol: a hotheaded demon prince; a sultry, half-naked ice princess; a lusty frog-demon spy; a talking wizard hat... and one little girl. This rag-tag group has been charged with the protection of Earth from a multitude of demons who would love nothing more than to bring their world crashing down around them. They'll face off against a vengeful squid, a somnambulant kitty cat, a pot full of snakes, a night-stalking deciduous, a hater of crotches, and even a literal butthead! Descend into an unreality filled with pratfalls, lewd behavior, and enough obscure cultural jetsam to drown us all! (Source: NIS America)
Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy. (Source: AniDB)
A 3D computer animation about a female robot duchess named Drossel von Flügel and her guardian servant robot Gedächtnis. (Source: ANN) 
The story revolves around Kibayashi, a teacher whose hobby is speaking with the dead and whose special talent is exorcism. She seems to know everything about the other world, yet nothing about our own. (Source: AniDB)
In 2046, a revolutionary 80% shock-absorbing reinforced cardboard has been developed, rapidly transforming the world's exports. The reinforced cardboard would soon become the battleground for a popular children's hobby called "LBX" (Little Battler eXperience). Four years later, a boy named Yamano Ban who loves to play with LBX (although without a mecha himself) is given a case containing the model AX-00 by a mysterious woman. He is told that he now holds the hopes and despairs of mankind in his hands.
Dramatic story of the Yamazaki family during the year Showa 39 (1964), the year that Tokyo hosted the Summer Olympics.
In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi.
Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events.
The fourth season of Usavich.
Short episodes of Hime Chen! Otogi Chikku Idol Lilpri that aired as part of TV Tokyo's morning program block for children, Norinori♪Norisuta (のりのり♪のりスタ).
The story revolves around Kinoshita Suguri, a nine-year-old third-grade girl who loves animals and making fashion accessories. One day, while Suguri is out buying materials for accessories, she comes across an unusual rock. Thinking it would look cute on a bracelet, she goes to pick up the rock and discovers a creature named Kappy. Kappy happens to be the three-year-old prince of Kapimeshia. (Source: ANN)
Duel Masters Victory is the 7th season of the Duel Masters Anime series.  As shown in Episode 32 of Duel Masters Versus, this storyline follows the events of the Duel Masters: Star Cross manga instead of Cross Shock. It introduces a new protagonist named Katta Kirifuda, the brother of Shobu. He wants to be a dueling champion like his brother Shobu, but in his own way. The series shows the beginning of his dueling adventures with his friends, Bucyake, Yohdel and Benchan. During these adventures he considers Dragon Ryu a fierce duelist as his rival. This series also features the story behind the battle between the races of Hunters and Aliens. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
After defeating Black Shaft's makeshift Team USA and proving their worth to the Shadow Clan, Team Golden Japan Jr. will finally enter the World Jr. Boxing Tournament. In order to fulfill their goal of a perfect victory they'll have to take on teams from countries like Mexico, Italy, France, Germany, and the mysterious and godlike Team Greece. (Source: ANN)
After the fairies defeated Gunala, the Evil Goddess, another crisis hit the Fairy Castle!! The magical energy of the world has been devoured by the evil wizards. The Rainbow Flower, the source of the magic power, is soon to wither, and this will destroy the world of Fairy Castle. Only finding the legendary Rainbow Heart Stone and letting it recollect all the essential energy can save the world. To solve this biggest crisis in the history of the Fairy Castle, Prince YouLe, Sally, and their new friend XiaoQian, have to go back to the human world and reunite with Maggie and Michelle to fight the evil again. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited)
Based on a four-panel manga, Puu-Neko is about "jobless (puu)" cats and Momoyama Momoko, who can talk with them. According to the author, 98% of cats are jobless.
Based on a four-panel manga, Rinshi!! Ekoda-chan is about a single woman in Tokyo who drifts through relationships and who works at various hostess clubs and the like. (Source: Zigguratbuilder, edited)
Daily live of two larvae.
The Japanese television network TBS announced that it will start airing the Suzy's Zoo Daisuki! Witzy series of television anime shorts this April. The anime adapts the American greeting card line Suzy's Zoo from the San Diego-based artist Suzy Spafford.  The story will center around a duckling named Witzy and his stuffed animal friends in a verdant backyard. (Source: ANN) 
Shuukan Shimakou is about a life of a Japanese white-collar worker salaryman, Shima Kosaku.
One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB)
The story follows the hapless life of Osamu Fujiyama, 33 years old and NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training). (Source: AniDB)
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
"47 Prefecture Dogs" is a short flash animation from a voice over variety TV program in Japan called "SAY! YOU! SAY! ME!" The animation takes Japan's 47 prefectures—or more specifically, the local delicacies or famous landmarks from each of the regions—and gives them a canine makeover. For example, the "Fukuoka-ken" (Fukuoka dog),—Fukuoka of course being home to asianbeat HQ—uses the delicacy "mentaiko" (spicy pollack roe) as the motif for its canine characterization. Each of the characters are played by voice actors that hail from each of the individual prefectures, "Fukuoka-ken" being voiced by Fukuoka's Kana Asumi. Another feature of this anime is the use of regional dialect. All the dogs speak in the dialect of their individual prefectures. So for the Fukuoka dog you hear a lot of "~to" and "~to yo" at the end of sentences; for the Aichi dog it's "~dagane," and for Ehime, "~zonamoshi," etc. (Source: AsianBeat.com, edited)
Hato no Oyomesan (Hatoyome) gag manga follows the surreal life of a bride who becomes part of the Hatou family with its strange animals. (Source: AniDB)
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
(No synopsis yet.)
The Candy Factory is a place where all Zoobles are born. Beyond that factory is a world called Candy Land, where all Zoobles live. The story revolves around the three main Zoobles: Chevy, a Cat Zooble with an Orange Flavour; Coron, a Rabbit Zooble with a Strawberry Milk Flavour; and Panky, a Panda Zooble with a Blueberry Yogurt Flavour. The three of them live in Candy Town, and they get into serious misadventures as they try to get in (and out of) trouble. (Source: AniDB)
Based on a book which introduced the culture of Sock Monkey to Japan.
The continuation of Penguin no Mondai Max.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The second season of Cocomong.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kazuya Kujou is a foreign student at Saint Marguerite Academy, a luxurious boarding school in the Southern European country of Sauville. Originally from Japan, his jet-black hair and dark brown eyes cause his peers to shun him and give him the nickname "Black Reaper," based on a popular urban legend about the traveler who brings death in the spring. On a day like any other, Kujou visits the school's extravagant library in search of ghost stories. However, his focus soon changes as he becomes curious about a golden strand of hair on the stairs. The steps lead him to a large garden and a beautiful doll-like girl known as Victorique de Blois, whose complex and imaginative foresight allows her to predict their futures, now intertwined. With more mysteries quickly developing—including the appearance of a ghost ship and an alchemist with the power of transmutation—Victorique and Kujou, bound by fate and their unique skills, have no choice but to rely on each other. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Satoshi, headed off to the Isshu region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Houen, and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Shooty and the region's Professor Araragi, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Dent, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Sanyou City Gym Leaders. 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Cardfight!! Vanguard features a world where the game Cardfight!! Vanguard is becoming the latest craze among trading card games, becoming a part of everyday life for people all over the world. The game is not limited to Earth alone; battles between the creatures used by the players take place on another planet called Cray. The story begins with Aichi Sendou, a timid middle schooler whose meek attitude often leaves him a target for bullies. Aichi was given a very rare card, "Blaster Blade", when he was very young. It's his one treasure that gives him hope. That is, until it gets taken from him. Although Aichi has never played Cardfight!! Vanguard before, he challenges the thief to a game in order to win the "Blaster Blade" back. This high-stakes game quickly draws Aichi into the world of Vanguard battles, which will test and change his worth as both a player and a person. 
Drago is unable to control the powers he has received from Code Eve, so Dan and Drago contemplate retirement. Meanwhile a new and insidious enemy infiltrates Bakugan Interspace shaking the Battle Brawlers and their fans. The Battle Brawlers must find a way to control Code Eve's powers, with the help of some new allies, or else this new threat could threaten all Bakugan everywhere. (Source: ANN)
Kanon Town is filled with music. Hibiki Houjou and Kanade Minamino have grown up in this town and have known each other since they were children. However, they no longer get along. One day the fairy Hummy from the land of music, Major Land, appears before them. The evil king Mephisto of Minor Land is planning to turn the legendary Melody of Happiness into the Melody of Misfortune. To prevent this from happening, Hibiki and Kanade transform themselves into Pretty Cure. Kanade and Hibiki have to learn to work together to collect the scattered notes of the Melody of Happiness in order to recreate the score!
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.
Dan now desires more exciting battles and stronger opponents. Thus it is that when Maru appears before him, offering the two, Dan leapt at the chance. He is transported into the future, a time when Earth is threatened by demons from another dimension. Now, the fate of all humanity rests on Dan's shoulders. The price of failure is a re-set of Earth's entire timeline. (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
Second season of the everyday life of the lady with many cats. Based on a blog by the cat owner. Actress Miki Nakatani (Ringu, Densha Otoko) will take over the series' voice acting duty in second season.
The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings.  (Source: ANN) 
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
Oscar is a lizard living in a non-specific desert that has features from several different real deserts, like the Sahara, Kalahari Desert, and North American deserts. An asphalt concrete highway runs through the area, used from time to time by various cargo trucks. Oscar is generally searching for food or water; he sometimes discovers liquid, in bottles or elsewhere, but is usually frustrated from recovering it for drink. An oasis supplies the only fresh water in the area, but its thick population of irascible and hungry crocodiles renders it inaccessible. At considerable personal risk (lizard is a delicacy for chickens), Oscar occasionally manages to steal an egg from a nearby hen coop, and he sometimes explores one of the piles of trash that litter the parched landscape. Popy, a fennec fox; Buck, a vulture; and Harchi, a hyena, inhabit a derelict school bus situated on a neighboring hill, but they mostly race about on a cast-off warehouse or grocery cart powered by Harchi and directed by Popy. Like Oscar, the trio constantly search for food and water - often competing with him, sometimes abusing him as a means, but occasionally cooperating with him when it suits their purpose. The main characters often find themselves falling off cliffs a la Wile E. Coyote chasing the Road Runner, wherein the law of gravity is briefly suspended while the character comes to realize their imminent doom. (Source: Wikipedia)
The battle continues between Chi-Sui Maru, a mosquito, and Nobuo, a common office worker.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
In Brooms Town, every vehicle has a voice and a personality, and they work together with the human residents in a peaceful harmony. The residents are happy and carefree, but once in a while trouble rears its head. Brooms Town can rest easy, though, for at any sign of danger, the Rescue Team is there. Poli the police car, Roy the fire truck, and Amber the ambulance are joined by their friends as they patrol the streets of Brooms Town and help out its citizens. Robocar Poli is aimed at small children, and has a charming cast of characters composed of rescue vehicles that can transform into humanoid robots. Aimed at teaching children about safety rules, every episode has a moral to be learned. Poli and his friends are here to teach everything from road safety to the value of friendship and teamwork.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
Papercraft stop-motion animation featuring tales ranging from a colourful jungle to a sports car race.
Talpy is an odd creature than can transform into anything be it a bicycle or cowboy or a tailor. Every episode shows Talpy transforming into a few items/people based on the scenario he's in. 
Kemy is an animation series with some educational undertones targeting 5~7-year-old kids. The entire series is set against the backdrop of a supermarket. Viewing the animations, children will be able to imagine themselves in amidst all a supermarket has to offer. Children can join Kemy and his quest to figure out the answers to everyday questions. Buka and Chaka do not reprise their roles in this season. (Source: korean-products.com) 
The true end arc of Ore no Imouto. These four episodes branch out after the 11th episode of the main TV series and present an alternative version to the end of the TV series. These episodes contrast with the good end arc of the TV series, which was an original ending written for the anime, and instead closely follows the original story from the light novels.
Iroe Genma is a third-year high school student often referred to as "Elder Sister" despite her short height. This troublemaking teenager is the president of her school's Model Club, which is dedicated to building plastic models of various objects and structures, such as cars, boats, and even robots. Joined by her two underclassmen, the violent Hazuki "Okappa" Okamoto and the rational Makina "Makimaki" Sakamaki, the small group aims to carry out their club duties but are often sidetracked by a myriad of distractions. From battles between club members to lessons on how to confess to your crush, these three schoolgirls get caught up in all sorts of wacky, and downright outrageous situations! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Parody opening for a spin-off of Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica, starring the characters from the upcoming visual novel game SoniComi by Nitro+. This was released by Nitro+ as an April fools' prank, complete with an official website announcing a full TV series. 
To mark the July 2 opening of the Fullmetal Alchemist: The Sacred Star of Milos film, the Pia Eiga Seikatsu website posted an exclusive video "interview" with the stars of the film, Edward and Alphonse Elric (as voiced by Romi Park and Rie Kugimiya, respectively). In keeping with the spirit of Hiromu Arakawa's original manga and the two television anime, the interviewer has trouble early on in figuring out who the "Fullmetal Alchemist" is. (The interview has cameos by the other stars of the anime.) Also includes 3 "Study" sessions with "Professor" Mustang, teaching Winry and Hawkeye about Creta and Milos.
Several characters announce the new season. Episode 1 - April Fool Announcement (Hana and Daisuke) Episode 2 - True Announcement (Aoi, Popura, and Souta)
A web series "Detective Conan vs. Wooo." This web short is an advertisement for the Wooo line of televisions in Japan.
Once upon a time, a girl was brutally murdered. Stabbed mercilessly and left for dead, she never received justice and her sadistic killer got away. That was until, through supernatural and unknown forces, she was brought back to life—as a zombie! Powerful, relentless, and hungry, Dead Girl is out for revenge! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Anime featuring the idol group AGC38. It is set in the classes of the Musashi Asahigaoka Girls' Academy that the girls attend.
Support video for the victims and sufferers of the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami featuring all the Precure girls.
Tatsuki's winning entry for the "24th 3D Anime Contest" in 2012 which later became a TV anime. It can be found on his youtube channel, irodoriginal.
Ep 1: The grand opening animation trailer for the nation-wide launch of the Korean video game Cyphers.  Ep 2: "Cyphers Episode 1: Feather", fully voiced action-packed animated feature made in 2011. No more were created after this initial one. Ep 3: The commemorative 5th Anniversary animation trailer for the Korean video game Cyphers. 
The characters in Sanrio's Wish me mell line star in two short specials.
A short film by Takuya Okada set in a conformist society. (Source: IMDB)
Anime about potato characters continues.
Saitama Prefecture released this promotional 4-episode ONA to highlight more than 50 tourist destinations. (Source: AniDB)
Tako-chan joins Seibu Railways in 2011, and gets assigned to Tanashi Station. He finally became a railway employee like he always yearned for, but he constantly keeps making blunders, and so all his work seems to be useless. Will the day come when he can stand on his own? (Source: Official Site)
A series of animated music videos and short videos teaching children common everyday tasks, such as brushing teeth.
Uchiko no Mama to Okaasan is about a girl far from home who has a mama and a mother, one of which is a large monster. Rabbit MACHINE is the creator but abandoned the project so all that remains is the preliminary web release.
A bizarre early work by Saigo no Shudan. They used children's toy instruments to create the kitschy soundtrack. "Kanabun" is the Japanese colloquial name for a drone beetle (Pseudotorynorrhina japonica) which is in the scarab family.
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
An OVA of Highschool of the Dead bundled with the 7th manga volume. Komuro and the gang stumble upon a deserted tropical island that looks to be free of zombies. They make use of this wonderful opportunity and dress up in skimpy swimsuits and have lots and lots of fanservice fun. Hallucinogenic substances are involved.
Roberta, the terrorist-turned-maid that made her appearence in the first season of Black Lagoon, returns in this five-episode OVA series—and this time, all bets are off! Roberta's benefactor, the patriarch of the Lovelace clan, is murdered during a political rally. The assassin's trail soon leads back to Roanapur—so now she has returned on a mission of vengeance! However, close behind her is the new patriarch, Garcia, as well as Roberta's apprentice (and maid), Fabiola Iglesias. As the body count of Roberta's bloody rampage mounts, forces from within the corrupt island (which includes the Lagoon Company), as well as overseas converge on what threatens to escalate into all-out war!
When the members of Fairy Tail aren't destroying towns or defeating powerful foes, they're attending school, travelling back in time, visiting water parks, and taking on odd jobs from strange clients. No matter where they go, a fun adventure always awaits, sometimes in the most unexpected form! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons.
It is the start of Takatoshi Tsuda's second year as the put-upon vice president of the student council and his sister Kotomi is entering school as a first year. New friends and double entendres are made. (Source: ANN)
Being asked to work as a voice actress at a game company might not be so bad, unless you are Kanna Aoyagi. On her 16th birthday, her older sister Yayoi guilts Kanna into doing voice work for her at Blue March, a game company that specializes in eroge: erotic games with lots of sexual content.  Sweet and innocent, Kanna has no idea how she can possibly succeed at such an occupation when she has no sexual experience. But as she plays eroge for research, uses her vivid imagination, and receives unorthodox help from her coworkers, Kanna slowly becomes more comfortable with her new, embarrassing profession. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
U.C. 0096... The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1. A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move. Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box. What is Laplace's Box? What secret does it contain? The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved. (Source: Official website)
According to the official website, two-volume OVA of Amagami SS will be distributed to those who purchase all the volumes of the DVD/Blu-rays of the TV series. The first volume will carry three short episodes of Haruka, Kaoru and Sae. The second volume will contain Ai, Rihoko and Tsukasa’s episodes.
Catian Eris is now on a mission to learn about Earth games and how they are played, but she seems to think that bets have to be placed every time. And while some bets are material items, eventually the Catians learn about betting items of clothing...
Tobias, Mary, and Sakuya challenge the impregnable "The One Sin", but they lose their way in the maze and unintentionally trap other guild members. A mysterious cat is watching their blunder. Is it another player character or NPC? 
Katsu Kaizou is a very gullible, 17-year-old high school student and a believer in science fiction, aliens, ghosts, UFOs, conspiracies, etc. He thinks that everything going on around him is the result of some sort of alien plot to take over the world. Each story is pretty much self-contained and is completely bizarre. Kaizou joins the school's science club, makes new friends, and ends up coming in contact with all sorts of strange things like log people, deadly sushi, pee-blades, scary infections, robot invasions, ghosts, living dolls, and more!
Airi keeps her relation with her father but he treats her as an object sometimes which makes her angry. One day while watching a movie she gets assaulted giving start to an affair with one of her school's teachers.  (Source: ANN) 
The Second Europa War is being fought between Gallia and the East Europan Imperial Alliance, and a penal military unit known as the Nameless is on the run from both superpowers. Deemed rebels by Gallia and also a priority target of the Empire, the Nameless struggle to find their place in the raging war. To make matters worse, the company's tank driver, Gusurg, abandons them to fight for the Empire.  After liberating a small town from the Empire, the Nameless come across Isara Welkin, an injured tank driver from Gallia's Squad 7. Isara explains to the Nameless' leader, Kurt Irving, that her squad is retreating from a failed raid and pleads for the Nameless to save them. They now face a difficult decision: remain in hiding, or redeem themselves only to aid the nation that marked them as traitors.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After facing massive destruction from a devastating war, the city Olympus has become the last stronghold as the center of command for the world. In order to protect the city from a group of terrorists known as the Argonauts, former LAPD SWAT member, Deunan Knotts, runs special military forces consisting of Biroids (cloned humans) and her cyborg partner Brialeos. Knotts must protect the city at all costs but is met with difficulties when Al Ceides, the Argonaut leader thought to be dead, resurfaces and causes problems.  (Source: FUNimation) 
High school can be a complicated time for young men, especially for young men named Ichirou Tachibana. Ichirou knows his homeroom teacher Yuuko Morino's biggest secret: she's a witch! When fellow classmate and witch Lily Ramses Futaba catches him peaking on Yuuko, she decides it's the perfect time for her to use a new spell she's acquired and turn Ichirou into her familiar servant. Lily's planned antagonism for Ichirou goes awry when the spell turns him into some sort of twisted, purple, tentacle monster. Now he must directly acquire sexual energy from witches in order to sate the tentacle monster's lust and retain elements of his humanity. To make matters worse for the two witches, Ichirou's new form gives him the power to control them to satisfy his basest desires! The trio also find out that the spell that Lily acquired was sold to her deceptively and intentionally made to appear genuine. Amidst all the sexual misadventures in the Witches and Tentacle, they're about to discover that something far more sinister is at work, and they are but pawns within a larger game.
An OVA bundled with the non-adult version of the OreTsuba PC game. The OVA has more fan service than the TV series (what they call, "nakedness plus 90%").
Diana invites Kogorou and Ran to London, but since Conan cannot travel with his invented name, Ai gives him a temporary antidote, letting him travel as Kudou Shin'ichi. Together with Professor Agasa they are on a plane to London. Back in Japan, Ai now lives with Ayumi. Near their apartment, a suspicious man clothed in black named Kurokawa Youji has been trying to track down and now has found Ai. Shortly after Mitsuhiko notices a picture in a magazine of a foreign actress named Grace Aihara, who looks exactly like Ai, Conan calls, ominously instructing Mitsuhiko to keep Ai away from the Professor's house. And so, Mitsuhiko and Genta go about trying to protect Ai... (Source: foo2)
A series of erotic short stories adapting the manga of the same name. In the first, the most gorgeous girl in class, who's guaranteed to turn every guy who asks her out down due to her high standards, meets a unusual man who may break that streak and become her boyfriend. In the second, a girl develops feelings for her childhood friend and tries to get him to notice her but it proves difficult because he has a rather large obsession with maids. (Source: ANN)
Kensuke and Ayumu have known each other since childhood. It wasn’t until recently that they realized that they had feelings for each other that were much more than friends. While working in a PC Software company as a salesman, Kensuke is told to work at another branch due to a shortage of manpower. The big catch here is that he won’t be able to live at his apartment anymore so that he can easily commute to his new job. That being said, he won’t be able to see Ayumu for a very long time, but she’s been sweet enough to watch over his apartment while he’s gone. Well, you know what they say about long distance relationships; after a good amount of time has passed, Kensuke is in a mixture of loneliness and paranoia. He’s missing Ayumu, but also doubting why a woman like her would stick around for a guy like him. To add more confusion to the fire he’s come across four women around his new work that give him more temptation that he can bare. Will our hero hold out for love, or will he give into the pressures? (Source: White Masq)
Another Detective Conan Magic File.
Yuji is on summer holiday, but he works hard at his uncle's house every day. There is a girl who often comes to the house. Her name is Saki and he soon falls in love with her.... Days later, he tells Saki that he loves her and they start dating. However, their relationship suddenly ends.... She does not appear in front of him anymore.... On the last day at his uncle's house, he sees a girl being chased by some men. He tries to ignore it, but she asks him for help. They somehow run away from them and rush into a deserted house. She is wet through.... To warm their bodies up, they finally sleep together.... After summer holiday, he meets two girls again.... One of them is a rookie teacher and the other is a classmate after suspension.... (Source: ErogeShop)
After the disappearance of her sister and finding out she had joined a suspicious enlightenment group seminar, Riko enlisted herself into the course to find her but the only way to reach the same course as her was to rank up and the only way to do so was to help others release... that being through sex. 
A boy named similar to Zhuge Liang, from Romance of Three Kingdoms meets a girl who believe that she's a desendant of Liu Bei. She wants him to become her strategist.  (Source: MU) 
Takashi is a teacher. One day, two new students come to his class, Shizuka and Satsuki. Shizuka is friendly and Satsuki is quiet. Some days later the vice-principal suddenly orders Takashi to take care of them, and it turns out that Shizuka is actually selfish and egoistic...
After a night at a party, a young lady decides to enlist her new butler to help her learn what "fellatio" and "tit-fucking" are.
The main character is a senior who attends Rinin High School; the only school among the mountain town of Rinin City. The main character, who is the student president of the high school, has another hidden persona. The persona as head of the “Gang Rape Club”... A dark ceremony existed that had been handed down for thousands of years in the old town of Rinin; the name of the ceremony, in particular, in the oldest of records. That ceremony, enacted to protect the region from disease and crop failure as a curse from the region's guardian deity, Hime Iwanaga, occurs in the evenings between the new moon and full moon, in which a maiden is disguised as Konohanasakuyabime and gangraped to appease Hime Iwanaga's anger. In regards to the maiden, there must be an important man participating in the gang rape, in other words, that man must be related in blood to their wife or lover, mother or daughter, younger sister or older sister, and the like, and after the gang rape, if a pregnancy occurs, Hime Iwanaga's anger is abated, and a good harvest and safety upon the region will be promised. However, if a pregnancy does not occur for the sake of suppressing Hime Iwanaga's anger, the maiden is supposed to be covered with semen, and floated down the river alive, as a sacrifice. And now---After the Tashio era, the ceremony itself had vanished into the dark history, but had still continued on at Rinin High School; the cruel, improper traditions being inherited over into a secret society through actions carried out by the Gang Rape Club. For generations, the student president of the High School has served as the head of the Gang Rape Club, not allowing even one day to pass uneventfully, submerging numerous women to the dark, suffocating pleasure.
It seems that everyone is fighting over the main character Seiryu-kun's genes!! They've even made a competition out of it! However, little do they know of the suspicious plot behind the whole situation. In any case this is a crazy school love comedy adventure! An adventure of an upperclassman and her friend trying to be impregnated! (Source: dlsite)
An idol group called "Live un veil" has been formed. The members are Nagisa, Nanami and Kaede, and a tour with fans to a southern island has been announced. All TVs and magazines pick it up and a lot of fans apply for it. The main character is Ryou. One day, he receives a parcel, which includes a film, an envelope and some erotic swimsuits for girls. "What is it!?" He opens the envelope, and finds a ticket to the tour and a letter. It says, "If you take a photo using this film, their libido will become uncontrollable...." "Does this mean take a photo of the idols and make them wear these erotic swimsuits?" But he is more interested in taking part in the tour because he also applied for it. He doesn't care if the film is fake or not. "Great! I'll spend a happy time with them!" Like this, he participates in the tour... (Source: ErogeShop)
Shuji lives a peaceful life with his younger sister, Saki. But he secretly loves her and his libido gets uncontrollable day by day. One day, Saki tells him, "I love you.... I've been always thinking about you since I was a kid...." Like this, they become boyfriend/girlfriend. However, their happiness is destroyed by an email. "I know your everything...." The email attaches a photo of Saki changing clothes and masturbating. Saki thinks her stalker did it. The stalker gives her various immoral orders. She first tries to resist it, but she gradually gets addicted to it.... Well, will Shuji be able to save Saki...? (Source: ErogeShop)
Aya, a waitress at a cosplay cafe, receives an E-mail asking her to go to an anime convention, for which she'll be paid as much as she wants, but with one condition: to obey all the males' orders. She ends up going out of curiosity, but the normal perversity among the otaku and her own dirty thoughts turn the photo session into an exhibitionism session.  (Source: ANN) 
Naoki has left town for an unknown amount of time, leaving his precious girlfriend Maho, who promises to wait for him.  Shortly after reuniting with Maho, Naoki learns that she is cheating on him...  (Source: SubDesu-H) 
Aida Yurume is a ronin student who came to Tokyo to prepare for university entrance exam. But the place was a back district, where the address Tokyo is so ill-fitting. The residents of the apartment are Kawano Sae, a veteran ronin with straight-man character, Tanaka Kumi, an innocent-looking girl and Matsukishi, a young man looking twice as his age. The story depicts their slow and comfortable life of preparing for university. (Source: AniDB)
The story takes place on a faraway planet, called "Chuu-Gakusei," where everything is in monochrome. The story follows Tanaka Satou, a junior high school teacher. All his students share the same name of Hiroshi Abe. Both the teacher and students wear a white, skin-tight garment that covers the entire body, including hands, feet and face. A new character, Black Teacher, is introduced and reveals the existence of the Kuro Chuu-Gakusei, an all-black version of the planet. (Source: The Asahi Shimbun)
If you could turn all your memories into a song, what would it resemble? Between being an exceptional student and taking care of the house alone during her mother's absence, Asuna Watase's only distraction is listening to her old crystal radio in her secret mountain hideout. One day, she accidentally tunes to a mysterious and melancholic melody, different from anything she has ever heard before. Soon after, an enigmatic boy named Shun saves her from a dangerous creature, unknowingly dragging Asuna on a long journey to a long lost land bound to surpass her very imagination, turning her once melodic life into an intricate requiem. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Movie adaptation of the Sora no Otoshimono manga, based on Kazane Hiyori's arc.
This story follows a boy named Quon and his friends, who are "Attractors." Attractors are human beings who have awakened and have supernatural powers. Quon is determined to save them all. But a secret organization is hunting them...
The story begins with a threat against the Tokyo governor, but Conan's quick thinking prevents any fatalities when a subway tunnel is blown up. Conan learns there may be a connection to a village that was relocated for the construction of a dam, and he races to stop the criminal before the next attack. (Source: ANN)
The story of the film is set after the conflict instigated by Toyotomi Hideyoshi ended, but not before the Battle of Sekigahara determines who shall be the Shogun of Japan. (Source: ANN)
A 15-year-old boy travels back in time—over 1,200 years ago to the Heian period—and faces a war between oni (demons) and humans in the former Japanese capital of Kyoto.
In ancient Nepal, the lives of the re plagued by drought, famine, constant warfare and the injustices of the strict caste system. The intertwining lives of many unhappy souls are drawn together by the birth of the young prince Siddhartha, who embarks on a spiritual journey, becomes Buddha, "the Enlightened One," and attempts to bring about a spiritual rebirth of the people in this desperate age.  (Source: ANN)
After the death of his mother, Tenzin decided to leave town to live with his father in the Tibetan grasslands. Life is tough at first, until one day the young man witnesses a fight between Tibetan guard dogs and a dog with golden hairs outside the pack.
This is a remix, theatrical release of the first half of the Appleseed XIII series.
A manner movie based on the Houkago no Pleiades anime. A manner movie is a reminder video shown in theaters before the main movie starts, it is there to remind the audience to turn off their mobile phones, avoid talking, etc. This Houkago no Pleiades manner movie was exclusive to the United Cinemas theater chain. (Source: AniDB)
Comical action spy film including an indecent material (flatus) and a story of a girl who had obeyed her parents, but becomes self-aware. A mystery spy girl Lemon Sunomono suddenly appears in front of Shinnosuke, and she calls herself an emissary of Action Kamen. She had trained as a spy by her parents in the Sukashipestan Republic, and works for the Queens. Under her guidance, Shinnosuke decides to be a spy to fight for justice, and receives spy training. Under the instruction of Action Kamen, Lemon and Shinnosuke perform a mission to creep into the laboratory in the Hedelna Kingdom and recapture a capsule from an evil professor, but Lemon finds the real purpose of the Queens, and they fight to foil the plot of the Queens.  (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)
Not wanting to lose, Yi-rang orchestrates a collapse in the middle of a relay race even though she's on the verge of giving up her dream of becoming an athlete. At the same time, Soo-min transfers in from Seoul and Cheol-soo, who dreams of becoming a scientist, come into her life. They are all immature but they are in the midst of youthful aspiration. With this warm-hearted animation, Han Hye-jin-I and Ahn Jae-hoon encourage Yi-rang's dreams and portray the fantasy and flutter of adolescence through encounters with good people. Set in the '80s and '90s, an old umbrella and a railroad crossing the downtown in the film is the stuff that reminds us of our lost past, evoking a reminiscence in the audience of that which is vanished. It is a way of evoking the real "dreams" that we have lost in this modern society where a rapid capitalization is progressing. (Source: Hancinema)
The destiny of photographer Eadweard Muybridge and that of a Japanese mother clash poetically in this exploration of the irrepressible human desire to make time stand still. (Source: AniDB)
Short film shown only in the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka. The nine-minute short adapts a picture book by Rieko Nakagawa and Yuriko Yamawaki, the author and illustrator of two previous books that inspired Ghibli shorts (Sora Iro no Tane, The Whale Hunt). In the story, a boy named Yuuji and a rabbit named Gikku find a stick at the same time, and decide to compete in games to decide who can keep the stick. However, whether it is a foot race, long jump, or sumo wrestling, they always end up in a tie.  (Source: ANN) 
Based on Kyougoku Natsuhiko's Toufu Kozou Sugoroku-douchuu Furidashi novel. (Source: AniDB)
CG anime about a satellite's journey back to Earth.
Extra episode included in Blu-ray and DVD volume 10, entitled "Omake dayo (It's an extra!)".
Ura Ex, extra short anime included in Blu-ray and the DVD releases of Ao no Exorcist. 
The official website of the Shiki television anime series confirmed on Saturday that the anime's eighth and ninth Blu-ray Disc/DVD volumes will each include an unaired episode. The eighth volume will ship with Episode 21 and the unaired episode "Dai Futatō to Han wa" (a wordplay for "Episode 20.5") on May 25, 2011, while the ninth volume will ship with Episode 22 and the unaired episode "Dai Futatō-ichi to Han wa" ("Episode 21.5") on June 22.  (Source: ANN)
Miya Tachibana, assuming her annoying brother Junichi will be unlucky in love and alone forever, decides to spy on him at school after hearing that some of her friends find him to be kind and caring. Through her spying, she learns that he gets along well with girls at school, which results in an even bigger misunderstanding, as Miya wrongfully assumes he likes men since he doesn't have a girlfriend. However, after she herself rejects a boy, Miya starts questioning how she views Junichi as she is reminded of Junichi's similar experience from two years earlier. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
DVD and BD-Box original animation shorts.  Episodes 1 and 2 (DVD and BD) are short fairy tales of Cinderella and Snow White from Kurumi's telling, respectively. Episode 3 (BD only) is a stage performance of Romeo and Juliet by Kazehaya and Sawako with Chizuru, Ayane, Ryuu in the backstage and Miura as the announcer. 
A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release.
Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays.
"Mini Ika-Musume" side-story episodes.
Extra specials from the DVD/BDs. 
Beelzebub specials included in the BD/DVD releases.
Original next episode trailers included in the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Nichijou.
The pilot episode for Tiger & Bunny released on the first DVD & BD volume.
Short special bundled with Asobi ni Iku yo! Asobi ni Oide OVA.
An extra episode included on the 7th DVD.
Special aired a couple of days before episode 5. It's a mix of explanations, recaps, and a seiyuu interview. 
Kyoto Animation commercial.
Special episodes from the Blu-rays and DVDs.
3 specials released with the BD/DVDs.
The "Megumi and Taiyou" commercial depicts the reunion of a girl named Megumi (Ai Hashimoto), who was raised near a grape orchard, and her childhood friend Taiyou (Sakuma Kazuyuki). (Source: ANN)
Ace appears to save the day and Stitch decides to help him.
As the forest begins to thaw, animals are looking forward to spring. But they need to help each other to survive the period of when the flora has not yet produced food.
