In the year 2022, virtual reality has progressed by leaps and bounds, and a massive online role-playing game called Sword Art Online (SAO) is launched. With the aid of "NerveGear" technology, players can control their avatars within the game using nothing but their own thoughts. Kazuto Kirigaya, nicknamed "Kirito," is among the lucky few enthusiasts who get their hands on the first shipment of the game. He logs in to find himself, with ten-thousand others, in the scenic and elaborate world of Aincrad, one full of fantastic medieval weapons and gruesome monsters. However, in a cruel turn of events, the players soon realize they cannot log out; the game's creator has trapped them in his new world until they complete all one hundred levels of the game. In order to escape Aincrad, Kirito will now have to interact and cooperate with his fellow players. Some are allies, while others are foes, like Asuna Yuuki, who commands the leading group attempting to escape from the ruthless game. To make matters worse, Sword Art Online is not all fun and games: if they die in Aincrad, they die in real life. Kirito must adapt to his new reality, fight for his survival, and hopefully break free from his virtual hell. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When five students at Yamaboshi Academy realize that there are no clubs where they fit in, they band together to form the Student Cultural Society, or "StuCS" for short. The club consists of: Taichi Yaegashi, a hardcore wrestling fan; Iori Nagase, an indecisive optimist; Himeko Inaba, a calm computer genius; Yui Kiriyama, a petite karate practitioner; and Yoshifumi Aoki, the class clown.  One day, Aoki and Yui experience a strange incident when, without warning, they switch bodies for a short period of time. As this supernatural phenomenon continues to occur randomly amongst the five friends, they begin to realize that it is not just fun and games. Now forced to become closer than ever, they soon discover each other's hidden secrets and emotional scars, which could end up tearing the StuCS and their friendship apart. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
NEVER make a deal with a wet goddess you've only just met. That's a lesson Ryosuke Kaga learns the hard way when he foolishly agrees to let Lisara Restole use some of his "essence" to stay in this world. Because despite her smoking hot appearance, Lisara's actually a Shinigami, a Goddess of Death. However, she DOESN'T steal years off his life like any decent Shinigami would do. Oh no, instead she sucks him dry of something much more perverse by leeching off his lecherous spirit and draining his ability to enjoy... er... the things that teenage boys normally spend most of their time thinking about! And now that he's been de-debased and de-debauched by her un-dirty trick, the poor regenerated degenerate's only hope of getting his licentiousness renewed is to join the queen of mental-clean on her quest, since when she leaves our mortal plane he regains his normal immorality! But the termination of the probation of his reprobation isn't guaranteed, because Goddesses of Death can be really harsh mistresses and it's going to be anything but easy to go back to being sleazy!  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
About thirty years prior to the start of Hagure Yuusha no Aesthetica, a number of selected people from Earth were summoned to other worlds with only about half of them being able to return. One of the young people chosen was Akatsuki Ousawa, who was sent to Alayzard to defeat the Dark Lord Garius, which he did, before returning to his original world. Some of the successful chosen ones brought back little trinkets as souvenirs. Akatsuki, on the other hand, went a different route—he brought back the defeated Dark Lord's daughter, Miu, who is now posing as his long lost little sister! Upon returning, Akatsuki and Miu are forced to join a special school called BABEL where they must train to one day master the powers they gained in Alayzard, in hopes that they will one day be able to serve mankind. Will Akatsuki and Miu be able to keep her true identity a secret or will their plan to live peaceful lives together go up in flames?
Some people suddenly find religion, but for 16-year-old Kusanagi Godou, it's that REALLY old time religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, Godou's stuck with the unwanted position of Campione!, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Heretical Gods whenever they try to muscle in on the local turf. Not only is this likely to make Godou roadkill on the Highway to Heaven, it's also a job that comes with a lot of other problems. Like how to deal with the fact that his "enhanced status" is attracting a bevy of overly-worshippy female followers. After all, they're just there to aid him in his demi-godly duties, right? So why is it that their leader, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Blandelli, seems to have such a devilish interest in encouraging some VERY unorthodox activities? Get ready for immortal affairs, heavenly harems and lots of dueling deities taking pious in the face as the ultimate smash, bash and thrash of the Titans rocks both Heaven and Earth. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
High school student Yoshiharu Sagara wakes up and finds himself in the middle of a raging Sengoku period battle. He is saved by the legendary Hideyoshi Toyotomi, but at the cost of the hero's life. With his dying breath, the warrior pleads for Yoshiharu to become a feudal lord in his place. Now that the course of history has been changed, Yoshiharu pledges to keep the timeline from diverging any further. Yet, after rescuing Nobuna Oda—whom he discovers is actually the fabled Nobunaga Oda's female counterpart—Yoshiharu realizes he has been transported to an alternate reality where most of Japan's historical warlords are now cute girls! To set things right and find a way back home, Yoshiharu agrees to become one of Nobuna's retainers and assist her in a conquest of Japan. As Nobuna initiates her campaign, Yoshiharu discovers that the history he learned from playing the video game "Nobunaga's Ambition" allows him to predict future events and turn the tide of war. Using this invaluable gift to aid the Oda clan's beautiful generals, Yoshiharu hopes to help his new lord fulfill her dream and win the hearts of women everywhere. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichiko Sakura lives life on easy mode. Blessed with good fortune, she has everything she has ever wanted, including beauty, intelligence, and wealth. Momiji Binboda is a goddess of poverty. In stark contrast to Ichiko, she is cursed with misfortune, such as a perpetual cast on her arm, a flat chest, and a box under a bridge for a home. Their lives collide when Momiji lives up to her title and delivers some unfortunate news to Ichiko: her large amount of luck is due to her subconsciously draining the luck from those around her! Momiji has been tasked with stealing back Ichiko's fortune before she leaves everyone without enough luck to even survive. But Ichiko, with the help of the wandering monk Bobby Statice, manages to fight off the poverty goddess. This defeat forces the goddess to enlist reinforcements in the form of Kumagai, her teddy bear familiar, and the masochistic dog god, Momoo Inugami. Insanity ensues as Ichiko's quiet life is replaced with daily battles for her fortune. To survive the chaos, Ichiko will need all the luck she can get in Binbougami ga!! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
​On the island of Regalo, a group of supernaturally powered mafia-like protectors called the Arcana Famiglia safeguard the people from any who would harm them. The members of their organization, having made contracts with tarot cards, each possess different abilities, such as overwhelming strength, invisibility, or the power to see into someone's heart.  Mondo, their leader and the "Papa" of their family, announces at his birthday party that he will be retiring soon. He plans to hold the Arcana Duello, a competition that, if won, will grant the winner the title of Papa and any wish they desire. But there is more at stake than just a title: Mondo also decides that the winner will marry his daughter, Felicità. Enraged by this, the strong-willed Felicità decides to enter the competition herself, in order to make her own way in the world. As Felicità battles for her freedom, her competitors battle for her heart. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In Japan, participation in extra-curricular activities is as fundamental a part of an education as chalk and gym shorts. However, not all students are overachievers, and for those like Yuki Ojima, groups like the Food Research Club are welcome havens in which to slack-off. But what's a slacker to do when the radical new candidate for Student Council president announces her intent to get rid of clubs like the FRC? Well, getting the help of the current Student Council president is a good start, but HIS suggestion is so counter-intuitive that it's crazy: Yuki should run for the Student Council himself? And yet, it's SO crazy that it just might work! Especially when Chisato, the chocolate-adverse president of the FRC (and Yuki's best childhood friend,) and members of other targeted school clubs start to join the swelling FRC army. But can this army of goofs and goof-offs coast all the way to political victory? Or will someone have to step up to the plate and take one for the team?  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Is insanity hereditary? Shougo Mikadono's beginning to think so, because the terms of his late father's will seem crazy and following them may drive Shougo bonkers as well. Oh, it sounds simple at first: before Shougo can claim his VERY large inheritance, he just has to start attending a certain new school and find a nice girl to marry. It's a little unromantic, but perfectly do-able, right? After all, all the girls seem quite friendly, so all Shougo has to do is find one he has something in common with. EXCEPT, and here's the kicker, it turns out that Shougo has WAY too much in common with one of them, because she's actually his long lost sister! And he has no idea which one she is! Will Shougo meet and court his Miss Right without committing something very morally wrong? Can he find his future bride without slipping into the wrong set of genes? And if his little sister does reveal herself, just how much will be revealed and under what circumstances?  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Because of the constantly declining birth rates over many decades, human civilization is all but extinct. With only a few humans remaining, they survive in this post-apocalyptic world with what was left behind by the previous generations. Earth is now dominated by fairies, tiny creatures with extremely advanced technology, an obsession with candy, and a complete disregard for human safety.  A young girl who has just finished her studies returns to her hometown and is designated as an official United Nations arbitrator. Her duty is to serve as a link between mankind and fairies, reassuring each side that both races can live together peacefully. She imagines this task will be easy enough, but controlling the disasters created by the oblivious fairies in their pursuit of candy will require a lot more effort than she initially believes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The girls of the Amusement Club return in Yuru Yuri♪♪, finding new ways to make passing time even more enjoyable. Their members consist of the always energetic Kyouko Toshinou; calm and sensible Yui Funami; polite but often overlooked Akari Akaza; and Chinatsu Yoshikawa, who stumbled upon the others while looking for the Tea Ceremony Club. Together they are the Amusement Club, which has the deceptively simple task of keeping its members entertained. Along with the Student Council and the odd family member, they strive to enjoy their youth to the fullest. Whether it's a trip to a hot spring or finishing overdue homework, their lives are never dull, and they will always find an excuse to spend time together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
At Shirahamazaka High School, a special recital is held every year in which music students are able to showcase their talents in front of professionals and other prestigious guests. A third year, Konatsu Miyamoto desperately wants to sing in her last high school recital, but because she screwed up the year before, the vice principal has barred her from participating. That's when Konatsu comes up with a new plan to get involved; instead of joining the official choir, she'll form her own singing club with her friends! Unfortunately this proves to be harder than she imagined. Her friend Wakana Sakai, has given up on singing, for one, and Konatsu needs more than just two members. With only a month left until the recital, will Konatsu be able to find enough members for her club and actually be ready to sing at one of the most important events of the school year and graduate without regrets?
China’s Warring States period, a raging dragon that would raze the land for 500 years, saw many kingdoms rise and fall, making way for the next generation of kings and generals to fight for supremacy. Eventually, seven powerful states emerged from the endless cycle of warfare. In the kingdom of Qin, Li Xin, a war-orphaned slave, trains vigorously with fellow slave and best friend, Piao, who shares his proud dream of one day becoming a Great General of the Heavens. However, the two are suddenly forced to part ways when Piao is recruited to work in the royal palace by a retainer of the King. After a fierce coup d'état unfolds, Piao returns to Xin, half dead, with a mission that will lead him to a meeting with China's young King, Ying Zheng, who bears a striking resemblance to Piao. Kingdom follows Xin as he takes his first steps into the great blood-soaked pages of China's history. He must carve his own path to glory on his long quest to become a Great General of the historic Seven Warring States. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Joshiraku follows the conversations of five rakugo storyteller girls relating the odd things that happen to them each day. Their comedic and satirical chatting covers all kinds of topics, from pointless observations of everyday life, to politics, manga, and more. Each girl has something new to add to the discussion, and the discourse never ends in the same place it began. Each of the rakugo girls has their own unique personality, with the energetic but immature Marii Buratei; the seemingly cute Kigurumi Haroukitei; the inherently lucky and carefree Tetora Bouhatei; the calm and violent Gankyou Kuurubiyuutei; and the pessimistic and unstable Kukuru Anrakutei. These girls—and their mysterious friend in a wrestling mask—give their observations to the audience, either backstage at the rakugo theater or in various famous locations around Tokyo. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Cinque returns to the land of Flonyard in Dog Days' to resume his duties as the hero of the Biscotti Republic and it's as though he never left! The difference this time is that he's brought two friends with him who become heroes in their own right: childhood best friend Rebecca Anderson, who becomes the hero for the Principality of Pastillage at the urging of their leader Princess Couvert Eschenbach Pastillage, and his cousin Nanami Takatsuki, who becomes the hero for the Galette Lion Dominion. As with the first season though, with so many secrets to be uncovered and mysteries to be solved, will there even be time for the athletic events that these three hyper and athletic teenagers love to participate in so much?
Since 1973, an invasion of aliens upon Earth known as BETA has driven human civilization to destruction. In order to defend themselves from this enormous mass of enemy force, mankind has developed large humanoid arms called Tactical Surface Fighters and deployed them to its defense lines through out the world. However, its efforts could only slow down the impending defeat, and mankind has been forced to abandon the major areas of the Eurasian Continent. For 30 years, they have been caught in an endless war against BETA without any hopes of victory. Now in 2001, Imperial Japan faces difficulties in the development of the next-generation of Tactical Surface Fighters (TSF) as it defends the front lines of the Far East. The UN has proposed a joint development program between Imperial Japan and the United States as a part of its TSF international mutual development unit, the Prominence Project. Yui Takamura (a surface pilot of the Imperial Royal Guards of Japan) is given the responsibility of the project and sets off to Alaska. Meanwhile, Yuya Bridges, also a surface pilot of the US Army, heads to the same destination. They never had any idea just how drastically their encounter would change their fates. This story of internal dilemma takes place during the development of the new Tactical Surface Fighters, the most crucial and effective weapons against BETA. And this time, the stakes are much higher than a handful of lives and our sanity. All we can do is fight. (Source: Muv-Luv Total Eclipse Official English Website, edited)
Taking advantage of the opportunity that the Mikawa Conflict provides, Tori and his comrades attempt to rescue Horizon from the Testament Union. But even as the Floating City Musashi speeds towards its next destination, the Floating Island England, Tres España is preparing its own armada for war against the British Islanders. Now, as the quest of Horizon's emotions builds to its climax, Tori's new battle is about to begin in the land ruled by the Fairy Queen! The reenactment of the history described in the mysterious Testament continues as the secret of the Armor of Deadly Sins is unleashed in the spectacular second season of Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere!  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Ryousuke Hazuki is a young man whose heart has been stolen away, stopping by the local floral shop daily in order to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Rokka Shimao, the shop's owner. In hopes of getting close to her, he decides to get a part-time job at the shop, but before he is able to make his move, he runs into a major roadblock: in her apartment dwells a ghost who claims to be Rokka's deceased husband. Atsushi Shimao has quietly watched over his widowed wife ever since he passed three years ago. However, Hazuki is the first person to ever notice him, and the two quickly find themselves at odds: the jealous Shimao attempts to thwart the suitor's advances and possess his body, while Hazuki simply wants the ghost to pass on for good, allowing Rokka to move on from the past and him to be with the one he loves. As both men refuse to let go of their desires, an unusual relationship forms between a troubled woman, an unrelenting ghost, and a stubborn man in love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 1863 and as Japan's long festering wounds of political discord erupt into violent waves of street clashes and murder, the Tokugawa Shogunate sends a new force of masterless samurai called the Roshigumi to the aid of the Aizu forces in Kyoto. However the new "police" are anything but a cohesive force and assassination has already split them into two opposing factions. The stronger is led by the brutal Serizawa Kamo and the lesser by the more honorable but less assertive Isami Kondo. It is into this pack of wolves that Ryunosuke Ibuki is dragged by the rabid Serizawa. Forced to be a virtual slave by blood debt, he hates the samurai and everything they stand for. But as he sees how the other half of the samurai live, he begins to believe that there may still be a chance, for both himself and Japan, if only Kondo will step up and take down the mad dog Serizawa!  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Satoshi, Iris & Dent continue their travels through the Isshu region. After successfully winning his 8th Gym Badge against Homika in Tachiwaki City, Shirona invites everyone to stay at her villa in East Isshu, where old friend Hikari is also staying, and participate in the Pokemon World Tournament Junior Cup before Satoshi participates in the Unova League. Team Rocket, meanwhile, initiate their final plan for the Isshu region-what is their purpose in their desire for the legendary Pokémon Meloetta?
Several months have passed since Lan and Muginami left Earth. Now in her final year of high school, Madoka spends most of her days thinking about her friends, when Lan suddenly returns to Kamogawa City. (Source: VIZ Media)
Uta Koi tells the "super-liberal interpretation" of the Hyakuninisshu anthology compiled during Japan's Heian period of 100 romantic poems from 100 different poets such as The Tale of Genji's Murasaki Shikibu.
In the second season the story continues exactly where it left off previously. Professor Itsuki's Fermentation Cellar and laboratory is ready for operation and with Sawaki Tadayasu's unique gift to see and communicate with microbes to help, Itsuki's motley group of students begin to process different fermented products like soy sauce and sake. (Source: ANN)
Chitose is an 11-year-old girl who is madly in love with an older guy named Hiroshi. He works at the town hall right next to the school and Chitose spends every day relentlessly pursuing him. Can Chitose ever convince Hiroshi to go out with her? 
Due to the influence of someone who visited her town when she was a child, Princess Mikoto of Elua decides to become a hunter and search for treasure all over the land of Driland. She sets out on her journey with her personal assistant Wallens, but they are soon joined by Pollon, a hunter who dreams of being a hero, and Paan, a wandering knight. As they continue their exploration they begin to sense great danger drawing near.
Original anime that aims to teach English with cute girl characters. 
The continuation of Yurumates 3D right after the first season.
Dawn and Athas find a mysterious sleeping boy, Pandora, who suffers from amnesia after he comes around. When Pandora just arrives at Freewheel Town, he becomes the chasing target of an organization called Ancient Hunter Group, which demands of him to carry out the "Great Mission". Under the attack of Jin and his friends, Ancient Hunter Group is temporarily repelled. With the assistance of Jin and his friends, Pandora gradually gets used to life in this world and his skill on top is much improved.Can Pandora regain his memories? What is his "Great Mission"? The story will tell you...... (Source: Official Youtube Channel)
A story that unfolds around the children of the gentle Green Village, where questions as What is ecology? What is friendship? are answered.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Energy-conservative high school student Houtarou Oreki ends up with more than he bargained for when he signs up for the Classics Club at his sister's behest—especially when he realizes how deep-rooted the club's history really is. Begrudgingly, Oreki is dragged into an investigation concerning the 45-year-old mystery that surrounds the club room. Accompanied by his fellow club members, the knowledgeable Satoshi Fukube, the stern but benign Mayaka Ibara, and the ever-curious Eru Chitanda, Oreki must combat deadlines and lack of information with resourcefulness and hidden talent, in order to not only find the truth buried beneath the dust of works created years before them, but of other small side cases as well. Based on the award-winning Koten-bu light novel series, and directed by Yasuhiro Takemoto of Suzumiya Haruhi no Shoushitsu, Hyouka shows that normal life can be full of small mysteries, be it family history, a student film, or even the withered flowers that make up a ghost story. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Teikou Junior High School's basketball team is crowned champion three years in a row thanks to five outstanding players who, with their breathtaking and unique skills, leave opponents in despair and fans in admiration. However, after graduating, these teammates, known as "The Generation of Miracles", go their separate ways and now consider each other as rivals. At Seirin High School, two newly recruited freshmen prove that they are not ordinary basketball players: Taiga Kagami, a promising player returning from the US, and Tetsuya Kuroko, a seemingly ordinary student whose lack of presence allows him to move around unnoticed. Although Kuroko is neither athletic nor able to score any points, he was a member of Teikou's basketball team, where he played as the "Phantom Sixth Man," who easily passed the ball and assisted his teammates. Kuroko no Basket follows the journey of Seirin's players as they attempt to become the best Japanese high school team by winning the Interhigh Championship. To reach their goal, they have to cross pathways with several powerful teams, some of which have one of the five players with godlike abilities, whom Kuroko and Taiga make a pact to defeat. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Haruyuki Arita is an overweight, bullied middle schooler who finds solace in playing online games. But his life takes a drastic turn one day, when he finds that all his high scores have been topped by Kuroyukihime, the popular vice president of the student council. She then invites him to the student lounge and introduces him to "Brain Burst," a program which allows the users to accelerate their brain waves to the point where time seems to stop. Brain Burst also functions as an augmented reality fighting game, and in order to get more points to accelerate, users must win duels against other players. However, if a user loses all their points, they will also lose access to Brain Burst forever. Kuroyukihime explains that she chose to show Haruyuki the program because she needs his help. She wants to meet the creator of Brain Burst and uncover the reason of why it was created, but that's easier said than done; to do so, she must defeat the "Six Kings of Pure Color," powerful faction leaders within the game, and reach level 10, the highest level attainable. After the girl helps Haruyuki overcome the bullies that torment him, he vows to help her realize her goal, and so begins the duo's fight to reach the top. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
At Kaimei High School there is a special club dedicated to helping others known as the SKET Brigade. The brains of the group is Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, a tech-savvy otaku who speaks through speech synthesis software, while the brawn is provided by Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, the hockey stick-wielding girl once known as "Onihime." And last but not least, their leader is Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, whose latent ability is evoked by his goggles, allowing him to summon the awesome power of extraordinary concentration.  However, most of the school only know them as the club that handles odd jobs. Many of their days are spent in the clubroom slacking off, but when there is something to be done, they give their all to help others—usually in sincere, but unintentionally hilarious, ways. The SKET Brigade do all they can to provide support, kindness, encouragement, and troubleshooting to any students crazy enough to ask for their services.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story is set on Okinawa's isolated island of Iwado, which has seen a growing movement advocating a return to an autonomous government. Ao Fukai, a 12-year-old boy with a missing father, lives on the island with an old doctor named Toshio and is about to enter middle school. Ao's mother was taken away a decade ago by unknown individuals. Naru Arata, Ao's 12-year-old childhood friend and the story's heroine, lives with her father, older sister, and grandmother. She has a "Yuta" power awakened within her due to an incident when she was young. A mysterious entity called "Secret" suddenly appears and launches an attack on the Scub Coral lifeform on the island. Ao launches a certain military FP called "Nirvash" aboard a Japanese military transport in his fervent desire to protect the island.  (Source: FUNimation) 
Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects. Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kakeru and Suguru are brothers who both have a flaming passion for soccer. However, while Suguru becomes a rising star in the Japanese youth soccer system, Kakeru decides to take on a managerial role after struggling on the field. But due to a cruel twist of fate, Kakeru ends up reevaluating the role he has chosen. In hopes of one day being able to enter the World Cup by becoming a member of the national team, Kakeru trains harder than anyone else. He isn’t alone in this quest for glory, though. Kakeru's childhood friend, Nana, is a soccer prodigy of her own, with the wicked nickname “Little Witch”. She is a top-ranked player and is already playing for Nadeshiko Japan, the Japanese women’s national team. Nana's success gives Kakeru the extra push he needs to reach for his goals. Soccer and adolescent fervor combine for an epic, emotional ride. Check it out for yourself in Area no Kishi!
Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures!  (Source: Crunchyroll) 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
The puzzles get tougher and even more deadly as Kaito Daimon continues his battle against the power hungry Givers of the POG. And with one team member already switching sides, will Kaito have what it takes to keep solving the deadly puzzle traps put before him and reach the fabled Puzzle of God? More importantly, will he be able to solve the puzzles AND maintain his sanity?  (Source: Sentai Filmworks) 
Yu☆Gi☆Oh! Zexal follows the adventures of Yuuma Tsukumo in his hometown, the futuristic city of Heartland. Yuuma is an amateur duelist who wants to become the world's greatest Duel Monsters champion, having learned the basics of dueling from his father who disappeared long ago under mysterious circumstances. Always pushing himself to the limit in order to prove himself, Yuuma soon finds himself outmatched when dueling a bully to recover his friend's stolen cards. Just as hope seems lost, a mysterious spirit named Astral appears and helps Yuuma to win the duel. Astral explains that his memories have been lost and split into 99 cards called Numbers that have been scattered all over the world. These Numbers are extremely dangerous; each card has a will of its own and can possess any duelist who uses it by bringing out the deepest, and often darkest, desires of that person's heart. Seeing that Astral is a skilled duelist and wanting to better himself, Yuuma reluctantly agrees to assist Astral in recovering the Numbers. But Yuuma and Astral are not the only Number Hunters out there and many of the other parties seeking these powerful cards have much more malicious desires than recovering lost memories.
The god of war and guardian of his namesake planet, Mars, was once sealed away by Seiya, but time has passed and his revival is at hand. Meanwhile, Saori Kido (Athena) is raising the boy Kouga, whose life Seiya saved, and he's been training every day to become a Saint in order to prepare for the coming crisis...  Unaware of his destiny, when Kouga awakens to the power of his Cosmo hidden inside him, the curtain will rise upon the legend of a new Saint. (Source: ANN)
Inazuma Eleven Go: Chrono Stone is set after the Holy Road Soccer Tournament. The hero of of the moment, Tenma Matsukaze, traveled all over Japan to teach soccer to kids. He returns to Raimon Junior High School after completing his mission, but to his surprise, it's no longer the same Raimon Junior High that he remembers. The soccer club is non-existent, and the members of the champion team in the Holy Road Soccer Tournament have no recollection of taking part in the tournament. They neither remember Tenma nor the game of soccer they loved. As Tenma is baffled by this twist, Alpha, the leader of the Route Agents and captain of Protocol Omega team, suddenly appears before him. Alpha declares that he and his team are responsible for wiping out passion for soccer in Raimon along with the memories of the soccer club members: and Tenma himself is next. That's when a strange boy named Fei Rune appears just in time to save him. Just who is Fei, and why does Alpha want to eliminate soccer for good? Tenma knows that he needs to do everything in his power to emerge victorious. It's a battle that could seal the fate of soccer forever.
In A.G. 101 (the 101st year of the Advanced Generation calendar) a mysterious entity known only as "UE", or "unknown enemy", attacks and destroys the space colony Angel. This brutal attack becomes infamous as the "The Day the Angel Fell", and marks the beginning of humanity's war for survival.  The series begins in A.G. 108 when the UE attack the space colony Ovan, where Flit Asuno lives with his mother. Flit's mother is killed by the UE, and in her belongings (in an object called a "AGE Device") he discovers the blueprints for a powerful weapon from the past - the ancient messiah named "Gundam."  From these blueprints, Flit spends the next several years studying engineering at an Earth Federation base on the Nora space colony and designing the AGE-1 Gundam. Seven years later, in A.G. 115, Flit completes the Gundam, just as the UE attack Nora. Flit and his lineage's battle piloting the AGE-1 to protect mankind is about to begin.  (Source: GoodAnime.net)
Sengoku Collection revolves around many samurai who are accidentally removed from a parallel universe inhabited by well-known historic characters. Unlike the historical war period known to us, all inhabitants in this unique world look like high school girls. Coming from the medieval era and finding themselves totally amazed by everything they encounter in modern day Tokyo, the girls become best friends through their adventures.  (Source: Crunchyroll) 
Once upon a time, there was a kingdom of fairy tales called "Märchenland," where many fairy tale characters live together in joy. Suddenly, the evil emperor Pierrot made an invasion on Märchenland, sealing its Queen in the process. To revive the Queen, the symbol of happiness called Cure Decor, "the Queen's scattered power of light of happiness," is required. To collect the Cure Decor, a fairy named Candy searches for the Pretty Cures on Earth. There, Candy meets a girl, who decides to collect the Cure Decor. Now, will the world earn a "happy ending"?
Moe Sato is a young lady who finds a cat and starts taking care of him. Named Poyo due to his round shape, he quickly becomes a dear member of the Sato family.  (Source: ANN) 
The story follows a boy who was in a soccer team, but it was disbanded due to not enough players. However, after the boy meets a female professional soccer player, he aims to bring his soccer team back. (Source: AniDB)
Aichi and his friends have won the National Tournament and decide to go their own ways until a mysterious boy named Takuto Tatsunagi appears. He reveals that the Royal Paladins, Dark Paladins, and Kagero leaders have been captured, and the only way to free Cray is for the Vanguard fighters to use a new power- Limit Break. Because the Royal Paladins lose the ability to fight, Aichi's deck is changed to be a Gold Paladin deck. Aichi and his friends must now win the Vanguard VF Circuit if they are to learn more about the occurrences on Cray and free their old friends.  (Source: ANN) 
Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans)
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Chako Ishibashi is a normal middle schooler at a normal school having normal school days. However, there is one oddity in Chako's everyday life—the student sitting at the desk next to her, Shibainuko-san. What is it about her that Chako finds strange? The answer is simple: Shibainuko-san doesn't look like a human at all. Instead, she looks just like a Shiba Inu! Polite, well-meaning, and with the mannerisms of both a dog and a human, Shibainuko-san is loved by all. However, Chako notices that her classmates seem oblivious to Shibainuko-san's physical appearance. Can a dog go to school and be a normal student?  Join Chako and her best friend Naho on bite-sized misadventures with their unusual classmate, who may or may not actually be a dog. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com)
Seven years after the Nemesis Crisis, much of the world has been devastated and ruined after the tragic fighting. As a result, most people lost faith and interest in Beyblading. Otori Tsubasa, who became leader of the WBBA, made it his life goal to ensure humanity could restore itself, as well as restore the popularity of Beyblading. He created the Zero-G battling style as a result, and hopes a new generation of bladers will rise up to accept the sport once again. One of these is a teenager named Zero Kurogane, who aims to become the top blader after having a destined encounter with the hero of the Nemesis Crisis, Ginga Hagane.
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
In a fictional school, "Tender Tank" Rareko is constantly opening absurd yet strangely enthusiastic debates, this way creating a lively classroom life. Bringing up tremendous themes, she and her classmates exchange words like sword-strokes, and here and there even a profound remark is slipped in.  A fun and informative debate comedy, packed into only five minutes each time.  (Source: AniDB) 
Three years after the events of "Pretty Rhythm: Aurora Dream," Aira, Mion, and Rizumu have grown up and tutor a new group of aspiring idols: Karin, Reina, Mia, and Ayami, who form the Prizmmy☆. Teenage girls from Korea, named Somin, Shiyoon, Haein, Chaekyung, and Jae Eun (who are the PURETTY), appear as a rival group.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
One year after the fight with the Innovators, a new terrorist organization called the Detectors threatens the world using LBXs. Ban joins up with new and old friends to stop the Detectors. (Source: ANN)
A rumor has spread amongst the children worldwide regarding the popular B-Daman matches: A select group will be allowed to participate in an upcoming secret competition, known as "Cross Fight"!  (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston) 
Bakugan is the card game for a new generation. In "Baku TECH" passionate warriors fight each other and risk their life for Bakugan.
In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a dimwitted Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines. However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members: Pink Oomiya. Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world.  (Source: ANN) 
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
A new anime adaptation by Sparky Animation, Duckbill Entertainment, Baku Enterprise and Bandai Visual of the book Arashi no Yoru ni (One Stormy Night...) by Kimura Yuuichi.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Hajime Hinobori, whose parents love him, built a battle system to fulfill his dream of seeing the spirits alive and battle for him. He went on a journey with his friends and joined many tournaments. He entered the Battle Spirits World Competition to test his skills on different card battlers. New cards called Burst are introduced and added to the Battle Spirits franchise. (Source: Battle-spirits Wikia) 
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character, a tiny fictional dinosaur, as he interacts with the natural world. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals.  (Source: Wikipedia)
The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Emiri Katou and Kaori Fukuhara, the voice actresses best known for playing the Hiiragi twins in Lucky Star, will headline Ad Lib Anime Kenkyūsho (Ad Lib Anime Laboratory), an experimental anime series which will premiere on the satellite channel BS Fuji on October 15. Katou (as "Chief Researcher No. 001"), Fukuhara ("Chief Researcher No. 002"), and a guest star "researcher" will ad lib each weekly episode's script entirely from scratch. Animators will then take the ad-libbed dialogue and create footage based on them — instead of the castmembers voice-acting to existing scripts and footage, as most anime are made. (Source: ANN)
The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings.  (Source: ANN) 
Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series.
This series continues the adventures of Katta Kirifuda, Bucyake and Yohdel throughout the school season. They meet new classmates such as Leo to duel against.  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB)
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, isn't a secret society anymore! In fact, it's a famous society, known by just about every household in Japan there is, because Eagle Talon went nation-wide with golden time on NHK!
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
The new Nukko. anime is an adolescent school story revolving around Nukko and Nukko's slightly(?) oddball friends. (Source: ANN)
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Paboo is a fun loving and curious boy panda, and he and his group of larger-than-life friends explore and problem-solve in their quirky, imaginative and sometimes zany world! Each episode sees the Mojies (Japanese for letters of the alphabet) and Pappy (the Mojies book fairy of course!) help Paboo to discover the Magic Word and solve the problem of the day! (Source: Nelvana)
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
An anime short series inspired by soft drink company Sapporo Beverage's mascot character Ribbon-chan. The story center on the soda-loving young girl named Ribbon-chan and her pet dog Citron. Note: The series aired on Wednesdays during episodes of the Nori Suta Max television program. (Source: ANN)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
Papercraft stop-motion animation featuring tales ranging from a colourful jungle to a sports car race.
Second season of Feng Shu Zhan Jing.
(No synopsis yet.)
The second season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Short episodes aired on KyoAni's official YouTube channel.
Asuka is a cute and clueless high school girl who habitually does things, in all innocence, that seem sexually suggestive to the men around her. Each chapter in "Today's Asuka Show" features a different awkward situation.  (Source: tethysdust) 
Three kids are stuck in a strange city causing massive mayhem through the land. They are searching for an atypical rabbit in order to return home. Koto, the eldest of the three, seems to have some sort of connection to this weird place ruled by a monk, a demon, and a priest.
Noya Itsuki just transferred to Ebisugawa High School. Since he has always had a fascination with space, he decides to join the Astronomy Club. However, he mistakenly walks into the Asstronomy Club - a club whose members are all female otaku. Itsuki notices that the members are really weird, but he has yet to realize that he joined the wrong club. His life becomes very strange very quickly.
A beautiful couple is enjoying a lovely dinner together when suddenly the woman's stomach begins to make loud, rumbling sounds. As she attempts to calm the beast in her belly, her partner proposes to her, leaving her both overjoyed and distressed at her situation. The astonishing events of that night now begin to unfold, as a mysterious mass starts to make its way out of her mouth... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A heartwarming story about a cockroach girl who tries to be liked by humans while dodging the insecticide.
Short animation by Rapparu.
There are old stories of children disappearing by the river's edge. This has haunted Otoha ever since her friend Jiro disappeared when she was seven years old and now she is back in her hometown covering the war between the government and the dissidents. When she gets separated from the squad, Otoha thinks someone seems to be leading her deeper into the back alleys of the town.
Originally planned to be released as an original video anime adaptation of Ichigeki Sacchuu!! HoiHoi-san Legacy manga. Japanese publisher ASCII Media Works concluded that there has been no prospect of completing the production of the title and cancelled the production. The two-minute trailer is all that was released of this project. (Source: AniDB)
A gag, flash animation comedy that centers around a purported college student named Haruo "Cat" Kyattsuyama who only went to his school, the low-tier Kunekune College, once. One day, he sees a cute Russian Blue cat named Kan-u abandoned in a cardboard box on the roadside somewhere in Japan. Kyattsuyama pretends not to see the cat, and continues to do so for an entire year. Surprisingly, no one has shown up to try to save the cat, so Kyattsuyama finally decides to pick the cat up — however, by then, there are now three Russian Blue cats instead of just one. Kyattsuyama asked the cats for their names, and they all said "Kan-u."  The anime shorts are inspired by Kaoru Curry-zawa's "Kremlin" cat gag comedy manga.  (Source: ANN) 
Short animation created for the most voted character in Voltage's 2012 Character Ranking Commemorative Animation.
Short anime by Rapparu mixing animation with still real life pictures.
One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes is a parody series that references folktales, classic literature, and modern comics, films, and animation from a variety of countries and regions.
An anime commissioned by The National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation (Miraikan for short) for its "The Art of 10^64 -Understanding Vastness-" exhibition which ran from August 1, 2012 to April 15, 2013. This is an example about combinatorial explosion. "I want to demonstrate how amazing combinatorial explosion is! Please don't stop me!" Teacher and children tell you how difficult it is. (Source: Official YouTube Page)
Another collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope and AU. These episodes were included on the 1st DVD of Kamiusagi Rope: Warau Asa ni wa Fukuraitaru tte Maji ssuka!? as episoded 18, 19 and 20.
MONOLITH (a.k.a. Kaoru/Brilliance) provides a poetry reading for Miyako, taken from the perspective of a mentally ill woman stalking another woman.
Commercials for Best Care Group, a facility that provides elderly entertainment assistance in Japan. 
An adaptation of the classic Japanese folktale albeit a teaser.
The mold rabbits visit a game center.
A relaxing anime showing a convenience store as time passes in a fantasy world.
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
#1: Oppai, Minorimasu! (Episode 13) A rumor is going about the school about how girls are disappearing and coming back ill and with their breast size decreased. #2: Oppai, Motomemasu! (Episode 14) While observing how the others do their jobs so they can do theirs better, Issei and Asia go with Rias to see if a coffin is cursed. During the investigation Issei is possessed by an Egyptian magician named Unas, It just so happens that Unas is just as perverted as Issei. Unas will only leave Issei's body if they can release Unas from the curse placed on him by a devil that Unas tried to make his bride.
Episode 11.5, an OVA bundled with the third volume of the manga. Oreki Houtarou gets a job at a swimming pool.
Someday a group of classmates will perform a charm at night after school—the Happy Sachiko charm. This paper doll ritual is meant to make them stay friends forever, but performing it incorrectly will lead them to be dragged down into a dilapidated phantom of Tenjin Elementary School, which had been torn down years ago. Trapped until they can reunite and perform the charm correctly, the students will have to solve the mystery of the haunted school in order to make it out alive. Before that ill-fated event, however, the friends led ordinary lives. Corpse Party: Missing Footage reveals an insight into the students' lives on the day before they were thrust into a waking nightmare. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga.
OVA bundled with the Accel World simulation and action games. The Blu-ray OVA discs came with the PS3 limited edition versions and the DVD with the PSP limited edition versions. The project was split into two PSP and PS3 titles, and one episode was released with each game: #EX01: Reverberation;Zankyou (bundled with Stage:01 Ginyoku no Kakusei) #EX02: Vacation;Onsen (bundled with Stage:02 Kasoku no Chouten)
Unaired 13th episode of Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai.
In 2029, Scrooge escapes from a research facility where he had been confined as an experimental subject. His body was remodeled by genetic manipulations and he uses his psychic power to kill the chasers. One day, he meets another experimental subject called Carol. When three psychic chasers hunt down the two, Carol asks Scrooge to use his right arm to extract a weapon from her body. 
On a bright, peaceful day, siblings Nunnally and Lelouch Lamperouge take a moment to relax under a tree. When Nunnally asks him to tell her a story, Lelouch, who is unflinchingly resolute in doing his utmost for his sister, makes unique use of his Geass ability, breaking barriers to tell the most entertaining story he can. Awakening alone under the tree, the previously blind Nunnally finds that she can see again and immediately spots a strange rabbit that resembles Anya Alstreim, the Knight of Six. The sight of this rabbit sends Nunnally falling down a hole, leading her to a colorful wonderland. Narrated by Lelouch himself, Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch - Nunnally in Wonderland follows the lost Nunnally as she searches for a way back home, meeting a slew of colorful, familiar characters along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Within everyone there exists a side preferably kept hidden, even from close friends. For the smart and popular Kyouko Hori, it’s the fact that she has to do all the housework and care for her little brother, Souta, because of her parents' busy work schedules. For the gentle Izumi Miyamura, whom everybody sees as an otaku, it's his nine hidden piercings and large body tattoo.  So what happens when they accidentally discover each other's hidden sides? Sharing parts of themselves that they couldn't with anyone else, strong bonds of friendship soon begin to form between Miyamura and Hori, as well as those around them. As their hidden personas start to dissipate, they slowly learn how to open up to others. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuuto and Haruka are looking forward to spending time together on a school trip. However, Shina finally works up the nerve to tell Yuuto she has feelings for him. This event drives a wedge between Haruka and Yuuto and forces them to confront how they feel. (Source: ANN)
OVA released with the 9th volume of the manga. 
Original anime DVD bundled with the 12th, 14th, and 17th volumes of the manga.
A DVD containing an all new, original anime episode bundled with the fifth volume of Chako Abeno's Dantalian no Shoka manga adaptation. 
Two years after Mizuho's graduation... Mikado Chihaya was truant at his school because of harassment in the school and of a distrust in men. His mother cannot bear to watch him be in trouble, so she makes him transfer to Seiou Girls' School, her old school. He dresses as a girl and introduces himself as Kisakinomiya Chihaya. Chihaya meets Nanahara Kaoruko, who once rescued him from a playboy, and he begins to live in the dormitory building. He becomes the focus of public attention due to his attractive face and figure, and due to high grades at studies. (Source: Wikipedia)
A slice of life of high school girls in the early summer. Shiozaki Haruno is a 17-year-old girl who loves her motor cycle, HONDA's Giorno. She lives in remote highlands and longs for a vivid life in a city.  Encounters with people staying at Haruno's parents' boardinghouse encourage her to step forward to her dream.
Twiska enjoys visiting local towns and draining the villagers of their cum. Everything is going along well until she encounters Theo, the legendary Hero destined to defeat her. Theo is a cute shouta and addictively good at sex. Now Twiska isn't sure anymore whether she wants to kill him or keep him for herself. 
Unaired episodes bundled with the special edition of volume 4 of the original manga. 
Doujinshi anime Blu-ray Disc offered at the Comic Market 82 event on August 2012.
Amidahara is a twisted city, well beyond the reaches of any salvation. Here, humans, demons, and criminals walk the streets with the mighty witch Annerose being one of the most feared and respected of the city's denizens. As part of her abilities, she was able to form a binding spell with a human male, keeping him as her undead servant. This man, Rikurou Tachibana, was about to end up sold to slavers, but instead, he wound up in the eternal service of Annerose—something her other servent, Mitico didn't take too kindly to. Rikurou doesn't know what's worse, Mitico being able to chop him up into tiny pieces, only to be resurrected, or having to deal with the intense sexual frustration of living with Annerose. Both of these problems get set aside, however, when Annerose and her servants take on a case involving a girl named Miki and her missing brother. The events of Koutetsu no Majo Annerose will lead the unlikely heroine into the workings of the Kuurou Group and their leader Lee Mayfeng, a sworn enemy from Annerose's past. Mayfeng's contempt for Annerose is deep enough to plunge into the depths of sexual depravity and she's willing to do anything to humiliate and ruin her. The danger only grows from there as yet another malevolent force is at work, one that goes well beyond threatening Amidahara and aims to bring about ruin to the entire world.
Based on the erotic game by Blue Gale. Ayame has been acting strange of late. Apparently, that person, whom she calls Papa, has been on her mind. Burned into her mind is the scene of her Papa gripping Hyouka's panties. Knowing full well that Papa is lonely, she stumbles upon an ingenious, if dangerous, idea: "I wonder if I can be Mom's replacement?" (Source: AniDB)
An original video anime, released on Blu-ray in a combined Hybrid Disc that also hold an Eureka Seven AO game for the PlayStation 3.  The OVA is set between episodes eight and nine of the series. 
One day, the most popular teacher at Akakura Gakuen, Aoi-sensei, approached Wataru and informed him that his help is needed and he must take off his clothes immediately. She was an agent of the secret international defence organization Cradle and asked him to aid in the battle against the enemy "4D". In order to defeat "4D", he must engage in ecchi activities to gain energy and defeat the enemy with the power of love! His imouto-like osananajimi Honoka, classmate Ermalit, expressionless Mirai from the future and chibi Chitose from the past lend their help. However, they aren’t sure what to do!? And so marked the end of his peaceful single life.  (Source: VNDB) 
Once again, the peaceful morning is shattered by a diatribe delivered by a sister to her brother. This is a daily occurrence at the Utsumi household, and the fact that his relationship with his step-sister, Miyu, isn't improving is a cause of anguish for Mitsuru. While she may behave like an angel in the presence of their parents, when they are alone, she's a pure devil. One day, Mitsuru discovers that Miyu has a complex regarding her bust-size. He unwisely brings it up and she blows up at him. While attempting to restrain the raging Miyu, the two lose their balance and fall. Staring into Miyu's face up close, Mitsuru finds himself drawn by her cute features, the warmth of her body, the peculiar scent of a young girl... (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston)
Sawatari Yukito was looking for a summer part time job, when by chance he came across an advertisement in a job search magazine for a position with really nice wages. Upon quickly contacting the employer and learning that the position had yet to be filled, he applied without delay. The job was as a live-in servant at a mansion. His first day of work arrived. Upon arrival at the mansion deep in the mountains he was surprised by the size of the grounds and the palatial building itself… appropriate for the richest of the rich. The mansion’s beautiful mistress and her equally beautiful daughters came out to meet him. However, within that day his expectations turned to bewilderment and then despair. By the time he learned the reason behind the high wages he was being offered for a simple handyman’s job, it was too late… The work that awaited him was that of a “handyman” in name only. He joined several other servants at the beck and call of the mansion’s mistress, tasked with pleasing every perverted whim of her odd family. Servants both male and female were unable to escape the mansion, forced to continually take part the unending bizarre play of the family’s mad escapades. Will Yukito ever be able to escape the mansion alive, or….?! (Source: AnimeNation forums)
A seven minute epilogue to the TV series, released as an OVA. 
After running away from his eccentric and cruel father and cutting all ties with his family, Kengo receives a desperate plea for help from the daughters of his father's concubines seven years later. He decides to return home to help them and face his past. (Source: ANN)
A mother moves in with her daughter after her husband's death, where she also meets her husband's nephew. Slowly, she develops a sexual relationship with her nephew and an incestuous relationship with her daughter. This story heavily features lactation and is narrated by the mother, but is seen from the POV of the nephew.
Yayoi is a sexually frustrated housewife with a workaholic husband whom she loves, but lately hasn't been paying her the attention she needs. She begins to fantasize frequently. A coincidental encounter with a nice young man from the neighborhood who has a crush on her is too much for her self-control.
Based on the game by Blue Gale Light.  (Source: AniDB) 
It is now the year 2010. The reprehensible and secret brotherhood known as the Last Molester Train has been driven underground once again, its three year reign of sexual predation extinguished under the militant ultra-feminist organization known as Raven Guard. However all is not yet lost. The Last Molester Train continued to search for a savior who could restore their patriarchy to glory, and at long last that man has been found... (Source: VNDB)
Based on the erotic game by Atelier Kaguya Team Heartbeat.
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
Meloetta has throat trouble, Pikachu and Snivy search for the Rinka Berries for her throat cure. Meowth and Wobbuffet run after Meloetta.  The 23rd Pikachu short, bundled with the August 2012 issue of Shogakukan's Ciao shoujo magazine. (Source: AniDB) 
Kouji and Hiro are exploring their sexual lives, not with ease, but with gradual acceptance of each other's tastes. Kouji acts as the dominant master and Hiro seems to be the willing slave. Will this setup work for these two? (Source: HentaiTake)
An original anime DVD bundled with a limited edition of saxyun's 4th Yurumates manga volume. The bundled DVD contained the opening animation sequence for the television anime series and its first episode, as well as two unaired episodes. The limited edition also included an exclusive booklet. (Source: ANN)
The story is set in the near future not long from now, when humanity has completed an orbital elevator and begun developing the outer planets in earnest. An enigmatic extraterrestrial enemy known as "Obliquus" has set its sights on the solar system, and humanity enters a state of war with the first aliens it has encountered.  To counter the enemy's overwhelming technological superiority, the Khronos Foundation has assembled the descendants of every country's heroes from Japan's Musashi Miyamoto and Ryōma Sakamoto to France's Napoleon and Joan of Arc. The foundation then fuses the descendants with "Gear" battle suits as special biological weapons, thus giving birth to "Khronos Gear. (Source: ANN)
An original anime DVD bundled with a limited edition of saxyun's 4th Yurumates manga volume. The bundled DVD contained the opening animation sequence for the television anime series and its first episode, as well as two unaired episodes. The limited edition also included an exclusive booklet. (Source: ANN)
The story centers around Hinami, a bookish, eyeglasses-wearing girl, and her two friends. When there is a mystery to solve, she transforms into the clever Nazotoki-hime (literally, Princess Mystery Time).  (Source: ANN) 
Two OVAs bundled with a special-edition issues of Coro Coro Comics.
Yosuke Kamogawa had nothing to live for, but a mysterious pyramid appears called Yahabe! With the power to turn back time, how will Yosuke's life change? (Source: AniDB)
A collaboration between Taka no Tsume and Tamagotchi!. The episode was on the DVD bundled with the October 2012 issue of the shoujo manga magazine Ciao.  The episode features the Eagle Talon cast attempting to recruit girls into their organization by understanding the successful marketing of Tamagotchi!, specifically the newest season Tamagotchi! Yume Kira Dream (the character goods featured were real items people could purchase). They try to make cute character goods of themselves but fail miserably since Eagle Talon is full of un-cute men.
Spy Penguin revolves around a group of three penguins who protect Paris from those who threaten the peace. (Source: ANN)
An absurdist sketch-style comedy anime about a cat and his owner.
Hana, a hard-working college student, falls in love with a mysterious man who attends one of her classes though he is not an actual student. As it turns out, he is not truly human either. On a full moon night, he transforms, revealing that he is the last werewolf alive. Despite this, Hana's love remains strong, and the two ultimately decide to start a family. Hana gives birth to two healthy children—Ame, born during rainfall, and Yuki, born during snowfall—both possessing the ability to turn into wolves, a trait inherited from their father. All too soon, however, the sudden death of her lover devastates Hana's life, leaving her to raise a peculiar family completely on her own. The stress of raising her wild-natured children in a densely populated city, all while keeping their identity a secret, culminates in a decision to move to the countryside, where she hopes Ame and Yuki can live a life free from the judgments of society. Wolf Children is the heartwarming story about the challenges of being a single mother in an unforgiving modern world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ten years ago, a gigantic demon beast known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox was released from its jinchuuriki by an unknown shinobi wearing a mask. The village of Konohagakure was close to destruction by the attack of the Nine-Tails, but the village was saved by its leader. Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki—who was the jinchuuriki at the time of the attack—sealed away the demon inside their new born son: Naruto Uzumaki. However, this act of saving the village cost them their lives and they left the future of the ninja world to Naruto. With the demon fox sealed away, things continued as normal. However, the peace of the village would not last long, for Pain, Konan, Itachi Uchiha, Kisame Hoshigaki, Sasori, Deidara, Hidan and Kakuzu—members of a dreaded shinobi group called the Akatsuki—attacked Konohagakure. Naruto narrowly manages to launch a counter-attack but why have these shinobi appeared when all of them were meant to have died? The mystery remains, but the shinobi are praised by heir families for completing such a dangerous mission. However, one of them who has never known the faces of his parents, Naruto, cannot help but feel lonely. At that exact time, suddenly, the masked man makes his appearance in Konoha. Naruto and his allies are both attacked by the man's mysterious new doujutsu. (Source: Naruto Wikia)
It is the year 2017, and Europe is being invaded by the forces of the Holy Britannian Empire. In an attempt to combat the opposition's overwhelming pressure and put an end to the massive casualties, the army forms a special unit called Wyvern, or W-0, composed of former Japanese citizens referred to as "Elevens." Recruited from ghettos, these young men and women pilot Knightmare frames—humanoid war machines—into dangerous operations where death awaits, hoping to make a name for themselves. When a European regiment attempting to recapture a crucial city is pinned down by the enemy, it's up to W-0 to bail them out. Among those selected for the rescue operation is Lieutenant Akito Hyuuga, known as "Hannibal's Ghost" due to his prowess on the battlefield. However, the supposed rescue mission becomes suicidal when, in an attempt to take out as many Britannians as possible, the commanding officer initiates the Knightmare's self-destruct sequence. In its aftermath, Akito finds that he is the last one standing… [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The film revolves around a mysterious girl named Éclair who appears before Fairy Tail, the world's most notorious wizard's guild. She lost all of her memories, except for the imperative that she must deliver two Phoenix Stones somewhere. The stones may spell the collapse of the magical world, and Natsu, Lucy, and the rest of the Fairy Tail guild are caught up in the intrigue.  (Source: ANN) 
The final plans to finish Shell off in court have been made by Easter, Balot, and Oeufcoque. But in order to execute those plans, they must set foot into Shell's domain: the BlueEgg Casino in the center of Mardock City, and find the chip where his memories lie. If they can't find the chip, their case will be dismissed in court, and their "usefulness" will be gone – resulting in all of their deaths. Will Balot find the chip in time, while still dodging Boiled and his now mad search for her and Oeufcoque? (Source: the witch of theatregoing)
Asura is an unrelentingly dark drama that follows the struggles of a young boy who did whatever it took to survive during a time of war and famine in medieval Japan.
Demonic Vice-Commander of the Shinsengumi, Toushirou Hijikata, acquires a cursed sword—one which completely rewrites his personality, morphing him from a hard-boiled, no-nonsense cop into a hopeless otaku. As he struggles to break the curse, an ambitious new member of the police force, Itou Kamotarou, seizes the opportunity to depose Hijikata in his bid for power within the organization. However, Itou's scheme is revealed to be more devious than anyone imagined, and the very existence of the Shinsengumi is thrown into peril. In another time and place, the Yorozuya squad is suddenly greeted by a potential new recruit. Before them is a mysterious young woman named Pirako Doromizu who hides a penchant for extreme violence behind her smiling, enthusiastic exterior. However, unbeknownst to Gintoki and the others, Pirako has strong ties to one of the ruling figures of the Kabuki district of Edo, and her arrival sets off a chain reaction that throws the inhabitants of the district into a civil war. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The 15th Pokemon movie and the 2nd 'Best Wishes!' movie. It will feature the legendary Pokemon Kyurem (appearing also in its new Black Kyurem and White Kyurem formes.) The Legendary Musketeer Pokemon-Cobalion, Terrakion and Virizion-will appear alongside their newly revealed 4th member, Keldeo.
The first of two Tiger and Bunny movies, based on the first two episodes of the TV series with additional new scenes.
Six months have passed since the events in the previous movie. Fate has returned to Uminari City with Lindy as her legal guardian and is living the life of a normal elementary schoolgirl along with Nanoha and her friends. The reunion between the two new-found friends is cut short, however, when they are assaulted by four ancient magic users who identify themselves as the Wolkenritter. As the motives behind the actions of the Wolkenritter become clear, Nanoha and Fate find themselves in a race against time to stop the reactivation of a highly dangerous artifact known as The Book of Darkness. (Source: ANN)
United States Special Agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into a small Eastern European country to verify rumors that Bio Organic Weapons (B.O.W.s) are being used in war. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the B.O.W.s. (Source: IMDB)
The 24th Pikachu short, set to premiere alongisde the 15th movie of the Pokémon franchise, "Pokemon Best Wishes!: Kyurem vs. Seikenshi". It will star the recently unveiled Pokémon, Meloetta, in its Aria and Pirouette formes. 
The fairy tale follows a young man named Guskou in the Tohoku forests of northeastern Japan in the 1920s. After an onslaught of droughts and natural disasters, Guskou is forced to leave his home and search for a better life elsewhere. Guskou joins a group of scientists at the Ihatov Volcano Department, which deals with the same natural disasters that drove Guskou from his home. (Source: ANN)
A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes under attack by bugs. The team on the fast attack ship Alesia is assigned to help the Starship John A. Warden stationed in Fort Casey evacuate along with the survivors and bring military intelligence safely back to Earth. Carl Jenkins, now head of the Ministry of Paranormal Warfare, takes the starship on a clandestine mission before its rendezvous with the Alesia and goes missing in the nebula. Now, the battle-hardened troopers are charged with a rescue mission that may lead to a much more sinister consequence than they ever could have imagined...  (Source: Amazon) 
The anime's original story features Mutta and Hibito during one summer when they were children. During the summer when Mutta and Hibito made their promise to go to space, they met a young girl who also had a wish. (Source: ANN)
Daru, a cherished handmade stuffed toy, gets lost and separated from its owner one day when at the airport. Determined to find her again, Daru sets out on a journey around the world in search of her. As time passes, the girl begins to forget about Daru. Will Daru be able to find and see his beloved owner again? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Mako, Miko, and Mutsuko are three young girls visiting St. Claire Elementary, a school filled with strange legends. They have an abrupt encounter with Kunstrijk, a human body anatomy model, and Goth, a skeleton model. Both haunt the soon-to-be-demolished science room. Seeking revenge for being vandalized by the three girls, Kunstrijk invites them to the school's midnight party in order to scare them. Together, the five go on a quest to collect three mythical medals that can grant a wish and hopefully save the science room. (Source: ANN)
The story of the new film is set in Sweetsland, a country next to Jewelland. Ruby and the other Jewelpets are celebrating the birthday of the princess with dancing. However, during the preparations for the birthday party, a mysterious object appears from the skies. In the object is a Sweetspet boy, whose identity is unknown.  (Source: ANN) 
Set before the events of Sweets Dance Princess, it focuses about My Melody's summer camping in Mary Land and how her friendship with Kuromi is becoming better, despite the upsetting experiences and misunderstandings she had during camp. (Source: ANN) Double feature with the first Jewelpet film, Jewelpet Movie: Sweets Dance Princess.
This short film was inspired by the story told in the prose written by Jia Pingwa to memorialize his father in 1989. Set on the North Shannxi Loess Plateau, the story tells about two boys trying to sell a pig, the only valuable property of the poor family, for food. However, things go wrong. The film was artistically designed to present the spectacular and broad scenery of the Loess Plateau as well as the simple life of the people. This is a black humor about the difficult years in the northwest of China in 1970s. (Source: Youtube, edited)
Yukie Nakauchi's musical work using principal percussionist Niel DePonte's "Celebration and Chorale". Yuuki Matsumura was the arranger for the piece.
In the southern country of Banana island, the energetic princess and his humble servant Banna invite Anpanman and his friends to their biggest festival "Banana Matsuri". But when they arrive a stormy and cold day bestows the island and withers all the Banana crop. While searching for the cause on the Banana Mountain a water monster appears that threatens to take back the island to the water world. With the help of Banna, can Anpanman and his friends rescue the island from this crisis?
A mackerel from the sea attempts to escape from a restaurant! Padak is a mackerel from the sea, who is caught in a net and gets dumped into a restaurant tank. An old flatfish is the only one that's survived very long. He gains the trust of other fish with his survival skills. Thanks to Padak, who attempts to make it back to the ocean, the peace in the tank is shattered and conflicts with the old flatfish get bigger and bigger. (Source: IMDb)
(No synopsis yet.)
Hong-Kong made fourth sequel of "My Life as McDull". Springfield Kindergarten is desperately in need of money - The principal is behind on the rent, and the electricity is getting cut off. After a fundraising dinner ends in spectacular failure, the music-loving principal decides to form a student choir as last resort. With the help of a shady talent manager named Big M, the Springfield Kindergarten Choir becomes a huge success, and little McDull discovers that a little thickness really can make a great voice.  (Source: AniDB)
(No synopsis yet.)
Precocious ten-year-old Yugo, a village girl who is also a student of martial arts, meets a white "liger", a half lion, half tiger creature born from a magic stone. It introduces itself as Lala. Shocked that she can understand the animal's language, Yugo chases it up a mountain where a waiting Cloud Whale swallows them both whole. Inside its giant stomach, there are many different creatures being transported to Animal Paradise, a fantastical kingdom that welcomes only 99 chosen ones every ten years. However, human beings are forbidden in the kingdom, any that remain for more than three days will be transformed into an animal forever. To return home, Yugo seeks the help of the seemingly ferocious Uncle Bear, a black bear with a sharp tongue but a gentle heart. As time is running out for Yugo, she and Lala uncover Tiger General's devious plot to open a magical portal into Lala's world and turn every human into an animal.  (Source: Wikipedia)
Unaired episode released with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. It consists of three short episodes newly written by the manga author Fujiwara Cocoa. Fujiwara also designed a new character called Hana-chan for the episode.
Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket (both limited and normal editions).
Magic is not real—everyone knows that. When performed by a true expert, however, magic possesses the ability to amaze and wonder its audience. Kaito Kuroba, son of world-famous stage magician Touichi Kuroba, is no stranger to this fact. Well-versed in the arts of deception and misdirection, Kaito frequently disrupts the lives of those around him with flashy tricks and pranks. But when Kaito accidentally stumbles upon a hidden passage in his home, he discovers a secret that may well have been the cause of his father's death eight years ago—the dove-white outfit of Kid the Phantom Thief. Wanting to find out more about his father, Kaito dons the outfit and searches for the Pandora Gem that is said to grant immortality. However, he is not the only one after the gem—the organization responsible for his father's death is also hot on his tail! Magic Kaito follows the rebirth of Kaitou Kid, phantom thief of the night. Utilizing his dummies, disguises, and signature card gun, Kaito sets out to steal the world's most precious jewels, uncovering the truth behind his father's death and the rumored Pandora Gem along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A retelling of the Arlong Park arc, with new animation.
New episode included with the 10th blu-ray volume. The episode will adapt the true ending from the original PS2 game.
Spin-off of Accel World included on the anime Blu-ray/DVDs.
Unaired episode included in the fifth Blu-ray and fourth DVD volume.
DVD/BD Specials
A new episode of Carnival Phantasm released on the Type-moon Fes - 10th Anniversary Event - Blu-ray.
Recap episode aired between episodes 7 and 8. 
DVD/BD Extras.
First Episode: Summary of the previous two seasons of Bakuman Second Episode: Shows many of the mangakas' works. Main cast members also talk about which "Bakuman." works they would like to see animated
Short animation included as a bonus in the Blu-ray Box volume 2. 
Summary and commentary for each episode by the main characters.
Picture drama included with the 1st DVD/BD.
Milky Holmes is a detective team composed of four girls who descended from famous detectives and possess supernatural powers known as "Toys". In this alternative world, instead of losing their Toys and becoming worthless students, they are on the path to becoming successful detectives. Under the guidance of Kobayashi Opera, they work to solve mysteries. (Source: AniDB)
Kyoto Animation commercial for the Kyoto Animation Shop.
A short special aired in the middle of information about Yu-Gi-Oh! with real people. Kotori takes Yuma to the gymnastics club at their school to cheer on her friend. There they meet the ace of the club, Kimura Taiki, who plans to quit after a recent loss at a competition. To cheer him up, Yuma challenges him to a duel.
A collaboration campaign between Ookami Kodomo no Ame to Yuki and House Foods Corporation. The commercial features Hana making cream stew using the roux box along with Ame and Yuki helping with dinner preparations. The House Cream Stew was also sold in a Ookami Kodomo no Ame to Yuki-themed design for a limited time.
A recap episode of the first season of Rinne no Lagrange.
Rinne no Lagrange short specials included in the Rinne no Lagrange Season 2 Blu-rays and DVDs. 
The 6 short "Chibi Style" Specials on each of the Blu-rays/DVDs.
Picture dramas included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
Promotional video for an anime adaptation of the Aru Zombie Shoujo novel series. Though uploaded in July 2012, the proposed adaptation never came to fruition.
Clip show with soccer commentators providing commentary. 
Recap of Hidamari Sketch x ☆☆☆ series included on the limited edition Blu-Ray "Hidamari Sketch Fan Disc / Mousugu! Hidamari Sketch x Honeycomb". 
An awareness special covering the 2011 Touhoku earthquake and tsunami based on real people in the Kamaishi region; which was the region hit with the tallest tsumami wave.
