In 1972, a popular student in Yomiyama North Middle School's class 3-3 named Misaki passed away during the school year. Since then, the town of Yomiyama has been shrouded by a fearful atmosphere, from the dark secrets hidden deep within. Twenty-six years later, 15-year-old Kouichi Sakakibara transfers into class 3-3 of Yomiyama North and soon after discovers that a strange, gloomy mood seems to hang over all the students. He also finds himself drawn to the mysterious, eyepatch-wearing student Mei Misaki; however, the rest of the class and the teachers seem to treat her like she doesn't exist. Paying no heed to warnings from everyone including Mei herself, Kouichi begins to get closer not only to her, but also to the truth behind the gruesome phenomenon plaguing class 3-3 of Yomiyama North. Another follows Kouichi, Mei, and their classmates as they are pulled into the enigma surrounding a series of inevitable, tragic events—but unraveling the horror of Yomiyama may just cost them the ultimate price. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
High school student Issei Hyoudou is your run-of-the-mill pervert who does nothing productive with his life, peeping on women and dreaming of having his own harem one day. Things seem to be looking up for Issei when a beautiful girl asks him out on a date, although she turns out to be a fallen angel who brutally kills him! However, he gets a second chance at life when beautiful senior student Rias Gremory, who is a top-class devil, revives him as her servant, recruiting Issei into the ranks of the school's Occult Research club. Slowly adjusting to his new life, Issei must train and fight in order to survive in the violent world of angels and devils. Each new adventure leads to many hilarious (and risqué) moments with his new comrades, all the while keeping his new life a secret from his friends and family in High School DxD! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Roaming the halls of the all-boys Sanada North High School are three close comrades: the eccentric ringleader with a hyperactive imagination Hidenori, the passionate Yoshitake, and the rational and prudent Tadakuni. Their lives are filled with giant robots, true love, and intense drama... in their colorful imaginations, at least. In reality, they are just an everyday trio of ordinary guys trying to pass the time, but who said everyday life couldn't be interesting? Whether it's an intricate RPG reenactment or an unexpected romantic encounter on the riverbank at sunset, Danshi Koukousei no Nichijou is rife with bizarre yet hilariously relatable situations that are anything but mundane. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Surviving a vampire attack, meeting several girls plagued by supernatural entities, and just trying to get through life are some of the things high school student Koyomi Araragi has had to deal with lately. On top of all this, he wakes up one morning to find himself kidnapped and tied up by his girlfriend Hitagi Senjougahara. Having run afoul of Deishuu Kaiki, a swindler who conned Senjougahara's family, she has taken it upon herself to imprison Araragi to keep him safe from the con man. But when Araragi gets a frantic message from his sister Karen, he learns that the fraud has set his sights on her. Along with Karen's troubles, his other sister, Tsukihi, is having issues of her own. And when two mysterious women who seem to know more than they should about Araragi and his special group of friends step into their lives, not even he could anticipate their true goals, nor the catastrophic truths soon to be revealed. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ririchiyo Shirakiin is the sheltered daughter of a renowned family. With her petite build and wealthy status, Ririchiyo has been a protected and dependent girl her entire life, but now she has decided to change all that. However, there is just one problem—the young girl has a sharp tongue she can't control, and terrible communication skills. With some help from a childhood friend, Ririchiyo takes up residence in Maison de Ayakashi, a secluded high-security apartment complex that, as the unsociable 15-year-old soon discovers, is home to a host of bizarre individuals. Furthermore, their quirky personalities are not the strangest things about them: each inhabitant of the Maison de Ayakashi, including Ririchiyo, is actually half-human, half-youkai. But Ririchiyo's troubles have only just begun. As a requirement of staying in her new home, she must be accompanied by a Secret Service agent. Ririchiyo's new partner, Soushi Miketsukami, is handsome, quiet... but ridiculously clingy and creepily submissive. With Soushi, her new supernatural neighbors, and the beginning of high school, Ririchiyo definitely seems to have a difficult path ahead of her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Saito Hiraga and Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière go on the offensive after the events of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Together, they face off against King Joseph in the Holy City of Romalia with the help of two others who control the power of the “void”. But in the midst of the many conflicts ahead of them, an ancient evil begins to stir in the shadows.  Will their close bonds blossom into something more or will they be shattered through the ever increasing difficulty of the tasks that they must undertake? Zero no Tsukaima F follows the story of Louise and Saito as they face their final challenges together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On the first day of junior high school, Mato Kuroi happens to run into Yomi Takanashi, a shy, withdrawn girl whom she immediately takes an interest in. Mato tries her best to make conversation with Yomi, wanting to befriend her. At first, she is avoided, but the ice breaks when Yomi happens to notice a decorative blue bird attached to Mato's phone, which is from the book "Li'l Birds At Play." Discovering they have a common interest, the two form a strong friendship. In an alternate universe, the young girls exist as parallel beings, Mato as Black★Rock Shooter, and Yomi as Dead Master. Somehow, what happens in one world seems to have an effect on the other, and unaware of this fact, the girls unknowingly become entangled by the threads of fate. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While testing out his camera on a bridge one summer night, Kaito Kirishima sees a blue light streaking across the sky, only to be blown off the railing seconds later. Just before succumbing to unconsciousness, a hand reaches down to grab ahold of his own. Dazed and confused, Kaito wakes up the next morning wondering how he ended up back in his own room with no apparent injuries or any recollection of the night before. As he proceeds with his normal school life, Kaito and his friends discuss what to do with his camera, finally deciding to make a film with it over their upcoming summer break. Noticing that Kaito has an interest in the new upperclassmen Ichika Takatsuki, his friend Tetsurou Ishigaki decides to invite her, as well as her friend Remon Yamano, to join them in their movie project. In what becomes one of the most entertaining and exciting summers of their lives, Kaito and his friends find that their time spent together is not just about creating a film, but something much more meaningful that will force them to confront their true feelings and each other. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Takashi Natsume, the timid youkai expert and master of the Book of Friends, continues his journey towards self-understanding and acceptance with the help of friends both new and old. His most important ally is still his gluttonous and sake-loving bodyguard, the arrogant but fiercely protective wolf spirit Madara—or Nyanko-sensei, as Madara is called when in his usual disguise of an unassuming, pudgy cat. Natsume, while briefly separated from Nyanko-sensei, is ambushed and kidnapped by a strange group of masked, monkey-like youkai, who have spirited him away to their forest as they desperately search for the Book of Friends. Realizing that his "servant" has been taken out from right under his nose, Nyanko-sensei enlists the help of Natsume's youkai friends and mounts a rescue operation. However, the forest of the monkey spirits holds many dangerous enemies, including the Matoba Clan, Natsume's old nemesis. Stretching from the formidable hideout of the Matoba to Natsume's own childhood home, Natsume Yuujinchou Shi is a sweeping but familiar return to a world of danger and friendship, where Natsume will finally confront the demons of his own past. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuuta Segawa has just started his freshman year of university. One day, his sister Yuri, who raised him after their parents died, asks him to take care of her daughters Hina, Sora and Miu while she and her husband go overseas on a business trip. Yuuta grudgingly accepts, but tragedy strikes when their plane goes missing and all passengers are presumed dead. In an effort to prevent the three girls from being split up, Yuuta goes against their family and takes them in, just as his sister took him in when he had no one else. Now the four find themselves in a new and peculiar situation: Yuuta must learn how to balance his new responsibilities—as the newest member of the Street Observation Research Society, a club for people watching, and also as a father figure—while Sora, Miu, and Hina come to terms with the loss of their parents. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Isanami, a young priestess of Izumo, is forced to watch as a group of evil ninja burn her temple to the ground and slaughter the people within, leaving her no choice but to flee into the forest to escape the same fate. By chance, she stumbles upon Saizou Kirigakure, a masterless ninja from the Iga school. The two travel to Ueda Castle to ask Yukimura Sanada for help. Isanami's possession of a strange and devastating power is revealed, and Sanada readily agrees to help her, gathering ten brave warriors to Isanami's side. Thus begins Brave 10, a story set in the Warring States period. It follows Saizou and Isanami's journey throughout the war-laden lands in search of brave warriors to serve under Yukimura's banner, each possessing powerful skills of their own. They'll have to travel far and wide, all while trying to fend off those who would chase after the dark power that she possesses to make it their own.
In the aftermath of Amagami SS, high school student Junichi Tachibana continues his relationships with the girls at his school. Amagami SS+ Plus offers a glimpse into what happened after the resolution of each girl's individual story.  New events begin to take place between each of the girls and Junichi. Tsukasa Ayatsuji, the class representative, runs for student council president; Rihoko Sakurai, who has taken over the Tea Club with Junichi, still wants to confess her feelings to him; Ai Nanasaki questions the future of her relationship with Junichi when he leaves for college; Kaoru Tanamachi wonders if her relationship with Junichi will ever go any further; Sae Nakata and Junichi deal with classmates who still can't believe that someone so cute is his girlfriend; and Haruka Morishima wants to take their relationship to the next level and get married. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
12,000 years after the events in Genesis Aquarion, humans live on the star Vega under constant threat of trans-dimensional beings called Abductors. These enemies originate from Vega’s sister star Altair and raid Vega for human life. As a countermeasure, an organization known as Neo-DEAVA formed to combat the Abductors. They pilot advanced mecha suits called Aquaria and are strictly separated by gender. Boys and girls are not allowed contact; they are even restrained from fighting on the same battlefield. However, events take a shocking turn when an advanced Abductor mecha suit joins the fray. Two teenagers, Mikono and Amata, are dragged into the conflict. Unknowingly, Amata performs a taboo when he summons an Aquaria and initializes what is called the Forbidden Union between male and female Aquaria. Neo-DEAVA is shocked, and the repercussions of Amata’s actions are much farther reaching than he realizes. How was he able to summon an Aquaria? Where did he learn to form a Forbidden Union? And why was Mikono also able to pilot the mecha suit?
Kill Me Baby is the touching story of Yasuna, a normal (?) high school girl, and Sonya, her best friend who happens to be an assassin. Unfortunately, little Sonya's trained assassin instincts often work against her and others in her daily high school life, as Yasuna's often-broken wrist can attest to. She just wanted a hug, but she ended up with a broken neck. Isn't it sad? No, it's hilarious. Not even Yasuna's intense ninja training can prepare her for the exciting adventures in this explosive 4-panel manga adaptation.
Tsubasa Kazanari and Kanade Amou—the idol duo known as Zwei Wing—use their songs to power ancient weapons known as "symphogears" to combat a deadly alien race called the "Noise." While the general public is aware of the Noise's existence, knowledge of the symphogears are kept a secret. When the Noise attack one of Zwei Wing's concerts, Kanade sacrifices herself to protect a young girl named Hibiki Tachibana, leaving Tsubasa devastated and a fragment of her symphogear embedded within Hibiki. Two years pass and Hibiki is once again dragged into a Noise attack. While rescuing a young girl who has been left behind during the evacuation, she awakens the power of Kanade's symphogear lying within her. Although Tsubasa still grieves over the loss of Kanade, both girls must now learn to work together using their powers to defend humanity against the Noise. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story centers around a spirited high school girl named Marika. She keeps herself busy with the space yacht club and her part-time job at a high-class retro café. One day, two strangers suddenly appear and claim to be subordinates of her dead father. They demand that she assume command of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru. A privateer ship's compact was made during a war of independence a century ago, and according to that compact, the ship must be inherited by the captain's next direct descendant. Marika finds herself embarking on a new life as a space pirate.
Kakeru and Suguru are brothers who both have a flaming passion for soccer. However, while Suguru becomes a rising star in the Japanese youth soccer system, Kakeru decides to take on a managerial role after struggling on the field. But due to a cruel twist of fate, Kakeru ends up reevaluating the role he has chosen. In hopes of one day being able to enter the World Cup by becoming a member of the national team, Kakeru trains harder than anyone else. He isn’t alone in this quest for glory, though. Kakeru's childhood friend, Nana, is a soccer prodigy of her own, with the wicked nickname “Little Witch”. She is a top-ranked player and is already playing for Nadeshiko Japan, the Japanese women’s national team. Nana's success gives Kakeru the extra push he needs to reach for his goals. Soccer and adolescent fervor combine for an epic, emotional ride. Check it out for yourself in Area no Kishi!
Madoka Kyouno is an energetic girl who is full of passion. As the proud, and only, member of the Kamogawa Girls' High School Jersey Club, she goes around helping people in need. Madoka's life is turned upside down when she is suddenly asked by a mysterious girl named Lan to pilot a robot. Motivated by her desire to protect the people and city of Kamogawa, Madoka agrees to pilot the resurrected Vox robot to fight against extraterrestrials that have come to attack Earth. (Source: VIZ Media)
It takes a lot to reach the top when it comes to tennis. No one knows that better than Ryouma Echizen, a young prodigy tennis player, and his teammates at the Seishun Academy. It was only because they pushed themselves to the limit, spending countless hours preparing for every pulse-pounding match, that they managed to claim victory in the All-Japan National Tournament. New Prince of Tennis begins with Ryouma and his teammates heading to the U-17 Selection training camp, after receiving a special invitation due to their victory in the Nationals. The training camp is renowned for producing strong tennis players, so the boys of Seishun Academy can’t wait to take their game to the next level. However, not everyone is happy to have them among their ranks, and they’ll have to weather the intense training to prove they belong among the best of the up-and-coming players of their generation.
Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy who is 180 centimeters tall. Since he has a grown-up looking build but acts his age, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall. Even though she has a childish looking build, Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi. 
A story about the humorous misadventures of Akabane Aya, an arrogant high school girl who's constantly trying to outdo her classmates in everything (especially sex appeal), only to make a fool of herself in the process. Since the story takes place in an all-girls school, expect lots of yuri fanservice innuendos without much seriousness.
The story is a comedy about Lucius, an architect of public bath houses in ancient Rome, who time-travels to various modern-day baths in Japan. The author explores the two cultures in the world "that have loved baths the most: the Japanese and the Romans."  Please note that MAL considers this show to be 3 episodes and not 5. See More Info for additional details.  (Source: Wikipedia) 
Once upon a time, there was a kingdom of fairy tales called "Märchenland," where many fairy tale characters live together in joy. Suddenly, the evil emperor Pierrot made an invasion on Märchenland, sealing its Queen in the process. To revive the Queen, the symbol of happiness called Cure Decor, "the Queen's scattered power of light of happiness," is required. To collect the Cure Decor, a fairy named Candy searches for the Pretty Cures on Earth. There, Candy meets a girl, who decides to collect the Cure Decor. Now, will the world earn a "happy ending"?
Moe Sato is a young lady who finds a cat and starts taking care of him. Named Poyo due to his round shape, he quickly becomes a dear member of the Sato family.  (Source: ANN) 
Second season of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes.
One year after the fight with the Innovators, a new terrorist organization called the Detectors threatens the world using LBXs. Ban joins up with new and old friends to stop the Detectors. (Source: ANN)
The television shorts follow the original anime's Yoshida-kun character as he travels through western Japan's Shimane Prefecture, his birthplace, in the past. The opening season starts out with a modern Yoshida-kun looking at a photo album with Chancellor as the former recounts his youth including how he and Phillip met (as they were best friends before the start of the franchise and why Phillip so easily joined the organization). Each episode of the Shimane sightseeing guide program introduce one famous place in the prefecture. The anime concludes back in current time with the Chancellor completely shocked at Yoshida-kun's story. (Source: ANN edited) 
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
A direct continuation of the previous season where an anthropomorphic car gets separated from his home and arrive in Pororo's village and beings to live there.
In Broom's Town, a small town with a strong rescue team, there are always accidents and troubles such as a car sliding off a cliff in the rain, a car crash, a child locked in a firehouse and so on. In every episode the town's rescue team saves characters. At the end of each episode, the rescue team strongly advises the characters who were in danger and children. (Source: AniDB)
Second season of Feng Shu Zhan Jing.
A stop-motion animation with felt characters on a small island floating in the sea.
Lonely high school student, Yukiteru Amano, spends his days writing a diary on his cellphone, while conversing with his two seemingly imaginary friends Deus Ex Machina, who is the god of time and space, and Murmur, the god's servant. Revealing himself to be an actual entity, Deus grants Yukiteru a "Random Diary," which shows highly descriptive entries based on the future and forces him into a bloody battle royale with 11 other holders of similarly powerful future diaries. With the last person standing designated as the new god of time and space, Yukiteru must find and kill the other 11 in order to survive. He reluctantly teams up with his obsessive stalker Yuno Gasai (who also possesses such a diary), and she takes it upon herself to ensure his safety. But there's more to the girl than meets the eye, as she might have other plans for her unrequited love... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result. However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Japan, 2039. Ten years after the outbreak of the "Apocalypse Virus," an event solemnly regarded as "Lost Christmas," the once proud nation has fallen under the rule of the GHQ, an independent military force dedicated to restoring order. Funeral Parlor, a guerilla group led by the infamous Gai Tsutsugami, act as freedom fighters, offering the only resistance to GHQ's cruel despotism.  Inori Yuzuriha, a key member of Funeral Parlor, runs into the weak and unsociable Shuu Ouma during a crucial operation, which results in him obtaining the "Power of Kings"—an ability which allows the wielder to draw out the manifestations of an individual's personality, or "voids." Now an unwilling participant in the struggle against GHQ, Shuu must learn to control his newfound power if he is to help take back Japan once and for all.  Guilty Crown follows the action-packed story of a young high school student who is dragged into a war, possessing an ability that will help him uncover the secrets of the GHQ, Funeral Parlor, and Lost Christmas. However, he will soon learn that the truth comes at a far greater price than he could have ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child. Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it. With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Chihaya Ayase, a strong-willed and tomboyish girl, grows up under the shadow of her older sister. With no dreams of her own, she is contented with her share in life till she meets Arata Wataya. The quiet transfer student in her elementary class introduces her to competitive karuta, a physically and mentally demanding card game inspired by the classic Japanese anthology of Hundred Poets. Captivated by Arata's passion for the game and inspired by the possibility of becoming the best in Japan, Chihaya quickly falls in love with the world of karuta. Along with the prodigy Arata and her haughty but hard-working friend Taichi Mashima, she joins the local Shiranami Society. The trio spends their idyllic childhood days playing together, until circumstances split them up. Now in high school, Chihaya has grown into a karuta freak. She aims to establish the Municipal Mizusawa High Competitive Karuta Club, setting her sights on the national championship at Omi Jingu. Reunited with the now indifferent Taichi, Chihaya's dream of establishing a karuta team is only one step away from becoming true: she must bring together members with a passion for the game that matches her own. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the serialization of their new manga, "Detective Trap," the writer-artist team, Akito Takagi and Moritaka Mashiro, better known by their pseudonym Ashirogi Muto, are one step closer to becoming world-renowned mangaka. For Mashiro, however, serialization is just the first step. Having promised to marry his childhood sweetheart and aspiring voice actress, Azuki Miho, once his manga gets an anime adaptation, Mashiro must continue his to popularize Ashirogi's work. A tremendously competitive cast of ambitious mangaka—including the wild genius, Eiji Niizuma; the elegant student, Yuriko Aoki, and her older admirer and partner, Takurou Nakai; the lazy prodigy, Kazuya Hiramaru; and the abrasive artist, Shinta Fukuda—both support and compete against Ashirogi Muto in creating the next big hit. As they adjust to their young and seemingly untested new editor, the dynamic duo struggle to maintain their current serialization, secure the top stop in Shounen Jack, and ultimately, achieve an anime adaptation of their manga. With new rivals and friends, Bakuman. 2nd Season continues Takagi and Mashiro's inspiring story of hard work and young love. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Yuu Narukami moves to Inaba, a seemingly quiet and ordinary town, where he quickly befriends the clumsy transfer student Yousuke Hanamura, the energetic Chie Satonaka, and the beautiful heiress Yukiko Amagi. Shortly after Yuu's arrival, a chain of mysterious killings begin to occur on foggy days. At the same time, rumors about a strange television channel—dubbed the "Midnight Channel"—spread like wildfire; when staring into their TV screen at midnight, a person may see their soul mate. After witnessing the most recent murder victim on the Midnight Channel, Yuu attempts to watch it again, only to realize that he can traverse into the TV and reach another world overrun with "Shadows," evil creatures of the dark. Realizing the link behind the hidden dimension and the murders, Yuu and his friends attempt to crack the cases by exploring the diabolical world of the Midnight Channel using their "Personas," awakened manifestations of their "true selves."  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuji disappeared the fateful night he was supposed to choose between a life combating evil by Shana's side or as a normal teenager. He returns from near-death to lead the Crimson Denizens in a dubious plot to bring peace to the universe, but Shana isn't fooled. In an explosive reunion, the fiery warrior faces her unlikeliest of foes while Flame Hazes from across the world join forces to ignite a war that will determine the fate of all supernatural kind. (Source: FUNimation)
At Kaimei High School there is a special club dedicated to helping others known as the SKET Brigade. The brains of the group is Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, a tech-savvy otaku who speaks through speech synthesis software, while the brawn is provided by Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, the hockey stick-wielding girl once known as "Onihime." And last but not least, their leader is Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, whose latent ability is evoked by his goggles, allowing him to summon the awesome power of extraordinary concentration.  However, most of the school only know them as the club that handles odd jobs. Many of their days are spent in the clubroom slacking off, but when there is something to be done, they give their all to help others—usually in sincere, but unintentionally hilarious, ways. The SKET Brigade do all they can to provide support, kindness, encouragement, and troubleshooting to any students crazy enough to ask for their services.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kaito Daimon would be a completely average high school student except for one thing: he's a 'demon' at solving puzzles. Kaito is so brilliant, in fact, that when he's asked to take some 'special' tests of his unique ability, he immediately suspects that the test itself is a test. Kaito suddenly finds himself caught up in a lethal Philosopher's Puzzle made by the sinister group POG, a murderous maze of trap upon trap, where failing to solve the secret correctly will result in death! Fortunately, Kaito's skills prove up to the first test, both for himself and his childhood friend Nanoha, who is also caught up in the deadly scheme. But now that he has been designated as a Solver, he is pulled into a new life where he must travel the world with other Solvers, attempting to solve the latest deadly riddles left by POG. There's a new conundrum around every corner and each deception could lead to death, but once a riddle has been posed, you can count on Kaito to unfold, unravel and unlock it! (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As with both the Advanced Generation and Diamond & Pearl series before it, the Best Wishes! series begins with only Satoshi, headed off to the Isshu region, located far away from Kanto, Johto, Houen, and Sinnoh, with his Pikachu. After he meets up with the new trainer and rival Shooty and the region's Professor Araragi, he gains traveling companions in Iris, a girl from a town known for its Dragon Pokémon, and Dent, Pokémon Connoisseur and the Grass Pokémon specialist of the three Sanyou City Gym Leaders. 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Yu☆Gi☆Oh! Zexal follows the adventures of Yuuma Tsukumo in his hometown, the futuristic city of Heartland. Yuuma is an amateur duelist who wants to become the world's greatest Duel Monsters champion, having learned the basics of dueling from his father who disappeared long ago under mysterious circumstances. Always pushing himself to the limit in order to prove himself, Yuuma soon finds himself outmatched when dueling a bully to recover his friend's stolen cards. Just as hope seems lost, a mysterious spirit named Astral appears and helps Yuuma to win the duel. Astral explains that his memories have been lost and split into 99 cards called Numbers that have been scattered all over the world. These Numbers are extremely dangerous; each card has a will of its own and can possess any duelist who uses it by bringing out the deepest, and often darkest, desires of that person's heart. Seeing that Astral is a skilled duelist and wanting to better himself, Yuuma reluctantly agrees to assist Astral in recovering the Numbers. But Yuuma and Astral are not the only Number Hunters out there and many of the other parties seeking these powerful cards have much more malicious desires than recovering lost memories.
Tenma Matsukaze is a new student at Raimon Junior High. Due to his love for soccer, he decides to join the school soccer team, which gained its reputation after the amazing performance shown ten years earlier in the Football Frontier International, a tournament that hosts the best youth teams the world has to offer. Unfortunately, the once renowned school doesn't have the soccer spirit it once enjoyed. This is primarily due to the fact that soccer in Japan is now controlled by a dark entity known as the "Fifth Sector." They alone decide the fate of every match, instructing teams to either win or lose. The actions of the Fifth Sector have beaten down the country’s soccer teams, who no longer have a love for the game. Tenma and his teammates will look to shift this paradigm and fight back against their evil oppressors. Thankfully, they will not be alone in this battle, as they will get help from a group known as the "Resistance." Cheer on the boys of Inazuma Eleven Go as they fight the good fight!
"I've made up my mind! I'm going to steal that ship!" All source of life originates from the Grand Lake. At this very sacred lake, the battle between the Ades Federation and the Turan Kingdom has just begun. The Ades Federation, armed with massive battleships and its sights set on conquering the world, declares war on the Turan Kingdom. With the Federation's troops encroaching on their beloved country, Turan now lies on the brink of collapse. As this is happening, the princesses of Turan look on as a small vanship named Vespa cruises above their heads. "We shall now commandeer your flagship and take her from this battlefield. The choice is yours. Die here, or survive with us Sky Pirates!" The Vespa continues to weave through the barrage of bombs, while the fleets of the Federation close in on Turan. What are the motives of Luscinia, the man leading the Ades Federation into the war? And what is the secret behind "Exile"? (Source: Animax, edited)
Cardfight!! Vanguard features a world where the game Cardfight!! Vanguard is becoming the latest craze among trading card games, becoming a part of everyday life for people all over the world. The game is not limited to Earth alone; battles between the creatures used by the players take place on another planet called Cray. The story begins with Aichi Sendou, a timid middle schooler whose meek attitude often leaves him a target for bullies. Aichi was given a very rare card, "Blaster Blade", when he was very young. It's his one treasure that gives him hope. That is, until it gets taken from him. Although Aichi has never played Cardfight!! Vanguard before, he challenges the thief to a game in order to win the "Blaster Blade" back. This high-stakes game quickly draws Aichi into the world of Vanguard battles, which will test and change his worth as both a player and a person. 
In A.G. 101 (the 101st year of the Advanced Generation calendar) a mysterious entity known only as "UE", or "unknown enemy", attacks and destroys the space colony Angel. This brutal attack becomes infamous as the "The Day the Angel Fell", and marks the beginning of humanity's war for survival.  The series begins in A.G. 108 when the UE attack the space colony Ovan, where Flit Asuno lives with his mother. Flit's mother is killed by the UE, and in her belongings (in an object called a "AGE Device") he discovers the blueprints for a powerful weapon from the past - the ancient messiah named "Gundam."  From these blueprints, Flit spends the next several years studying engineering at an Earth Federation base on the Nora space colony and designing the AGE-1 Gundam. Seven years later, in A.G. 115, Flit completes the Gundam, just as the UE attack Nora. Flit and his lineage's battle piloting the AGE-1 to protect mankind is about to begin.  (Source: GoodAnime.net)
Digimon Xros Wars: Toki wo Kakeru Shounen Hunter-tachi takes place one year after the defeat of Bagramon and company. Since then, Taiki Kudou and Yuu Amano have formed a basketball team with Yuu’s classmate, Tagiru Akashi. One day, Tagiru discovers a strange area called the DigiQuartz, a strange and unstable realm that exists between the human and digital worlds. He then realises that children all over the world have obtained Xros Loaders as well as Digimon partners to participate in a competition called the 'Digimon Hunt'. Digimon that wander from the digital world into the DigiQuartz are able to feed off of what negative emotions leak in from the human world. This makes the Digimon stronger at the expense of being extremely violent. As a result, the Digimon Hunters must work to stop these Digimon from wreaking havoc in the human world. Joined by the troublemaking Gumdramon, Tagiru aims to become the top Digimon Hunter, all the while unaware of Taiki and Yuu’s previous Digimon connections. Yet a sinister force lurks with the creation of the DigiQuartz, and the young Hunters will soon realize that the Digimon Hunt is much more than a simple game...
In the Cosmos, an unusual event has occurred. Taking a break from their latest triumph over Faust and the Spiral Core, Ginga and Co find themselves saving a boy named Yuki from a mysterious youth named Johannes. Although Yuki is a boy genius and an astronomer, he is a Blader who owns “Anubius”. Yuki says that he has come to tell Ginga and his friends about the voice of the Star Fragment. He witnessed the Star Fragment (a meteor) fall from the sky one day. That single light dwells within Anubius and he says that he heard the voice of the Star Fragment that evening. A great evil is trying to revive the “Black Sun” and "Nemesis", the god of destruction, by using the unknown power of the Star Fragment and destroy the world. Ginga and his friends must fight again, just as soon as they get the hang of their new 4D system beys! The episode numbers continue from 103. 
Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy. (Source: AniDB)
Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Based on the online mobile phone otome game "Sengoku☆Paradise". The first 3 minutes of the 10 minute spot for Sengoku☆Paradise Kiwami is the anime. The rest of the 7 minutes is of Sengoku☆Paradise Kiwami cast members Daisuke Namikawa and others (first time with Tetsuya Kakihara, second time with Rei Mochizuki) going on missions, plus an informative short.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
A rumor has spread amongst the children worldwide regarding the popular B-Daman matches: A select group will be allowed to participate in an upcoming secret competition, known as "Cross Fight"!  (Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston) 
In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi.
Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Hajime Hinobori, whose parents love him, built a battle system to fulfill his dream of seeing the spirits alive and battle for him. He went on a journey with his friends and joined many tournaments. He entered the Battle Spirits World Competition to test his skills on different card battlers. New cards called Burst are introduced and added to the Battle Spirits franchise. (Source: Battle-spirits Wikia) 
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
Short episodes of Hime Chen! Otogi Chikku Idol Lilpri that aired as part of TV Tokyo's morning program block for children, Norinori♪Norisuta (のりのり♪のりスタ).
Duel Masters Victory is the 7th season of the Duel Masters Anime series.  As shown in Episode 32 of Duel Masters Versus, this storyline follows the events of the Duel Masters: Star Cross manga instead of Cross Shock. It introduces a new protagonist named Katta Kirifuda, the brother of Shobu. He wants to be a dueling champion like his brother Shobu, but in his own way. The series shows the beginning of his dueling adventures with his friends, Bucyake, Yohdel and Benchan. During these adventures he considers Dragon Ryu a fierce duelist as his rival. This series also features the story behind the battle between the races of Hunters and Aliens. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
The spinoff is set in a parallel world known as Shin Jigen (Shin Dimension). The titular Shin-men team is composed of five heroes with supernatural powers symbolized by fire (Gou), water (Sui), wind (Hyuu), greenery (Nyoki), and iron (Kan). Together, they fight against their enemy, the evil pigs of Ton-Men. (Source: AniDB)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Emiri Katou and Kaori Fukuhara, the voice actresses best known for playing the Hiiragi twins in Lucky Star, will headline Ad Lib Anime Kenkyūsho (Ad Lib Anime Laboratory), an experimental anime series which will premiere on the satellite channel BS Fuji on October 15. Katou (as "Chief Researcher No. 001"), Fukuhara ("Chief Researcher No. 002"), and a guest star "researcher" will ad lib each weekly episode's script entirely from scratch. Animators will then take the ad-libbed dialogue and create footage based on them — instead of the castmembers voice-acting to existing scripts and footage, as most anime are made. (Source: ANN)
The stories will follow the daily lives of the Tamagotchi and feature new characters and settings.  (Source: ANN) 
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB)
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
A series of short comedic parodies on Japanese folklore.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Based on a book which introduced the culture of Sock Monkey to Japan.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Third season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
The continuation of Penguin no Mondai Max.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
Papercraft stop-motion animation featuring tales ranging from a colourful jungle to a sports car race.
(No synopsis yet.)
The second season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Koi-Ken Love Research club member Kaede Wakamiya comments that being an idol must be extremely easy—a comment that irritates idol Nagisa Toyama. At the suggestion of her manager, all female members of the KoiKen club are invited to become an idol unit with Nagisa. Kaede then realizes that maybe being an idol isn't so easy after all... (Source: ANN)
The story is set during the middle of Japan's historic Edo period. It centers around Toriyama Sekiei, an eccentric but brilliant artist who only draws supernatural creatures—because he draws the creatures he actually encounters in his life. 
Anime shorts of the 3DS game "Kid Icarus: Uprising", known as "Shin Hikari Shinwa: Palutena no Kagami" in Japan. Episode 1 - Thanatos Rising Animation: Production I.G Director: Junichi Fujisaku Episode 2 - Medusa's Revenge Animation: Studio 4°C Director: Kazuto Nakazawa Episode 3 - Palutena's Revolting Dinner Animation: SHAFT Director: Akiyuki Shinbou
Two friends make a video together.
The mobile content developer MTI released a series of mobile phone anime shorts inspired by the all-male musical group KAT-TUN. Animated versions of the singers Kamenashi Kazuya, Taguchi Junnosuke, Tanaka Kouki, Ueda Tatsuya, and Nakamaru Yuuichi appear in unintentionally romantic situations with their younger sister. Each of the mobile anime series five 50-second episodes highlights one KAT-TUN performer. (Source: ANN)
Created for Saitama Prefecture, the series' 7-minute episodes will promote tourist locations in the Prefecture. Every episode will include a five-minute story segment that will showcase the prefecture in spring, summer, fall, or winter. Following each story, a two-minute explanation segment will include instructions on how to travel to featured areas from Tokyo by train. Episodes will include the love story "Sakura no Omoide," the gag comedy story "Saitama Koukou Housou-bu ~Natsu no Kankou Annai~," the fantasy story "Yuusha Higan to Hime-sama no Bouken," and the family story "Winter sweet home." The anime's four episodes will be available in Japanese with subtitles in Japanese, English, Chinese (traditional and simplifed), Korean, and French. Eight people living or working in Saitama were selected from 223 applicants to voice act in the series.  (Source: ANN)
Short animation by Sawako Kabuki.
A short promotional film for the Johnnie Walker whiskey brand, animated by STUDIO 4°C.
The animated opening for Square Enix's Kakusansei Million Arthur RPG mobile card game launched for iOS on April 9, 2012 and for Android on May 24, 2012. The mobile game was terminated on March 30, 2015.
A collaboration between 009 Re:Cyborg and Staff Service, featuring Cyborg 003 as a businesswoman.
The Nagoya Keirin Golden Dolphin Competition is a bicycle race—specifically a Japanese style track cycling event held in a velodrome—and this year's 62nd annual competition will be supporting areas affected by the 2011 earthquake. An anime clip was created as part of a promotional campaign.
The animated promotional video for the drama CD Rui no Masaiban (Rui's Magical Trials). The original dark fantasy story revolves around Rui, the youngest ever magical judge who weighs the fate of demons. (Source: ANN)
Opening animation featuring the Alguard Sisters, used in Rohto Pharmaceutical's campain against pollinosis. (Source: AniDB)
Short animation by Rapparu.
Animated short produced for SSK Foods Co., Ltd. featuring its brand mascots. It was posted directly on the website of SSK Foods.
A special episode made for the Kamiusagi Rope Movie premiere. It features paper squirrel Akira's older sister, who has trouble with choosing which earrings to wear for her date.
A fantasy-like short where 3 humanoids meet a mystical cube in a chamber and develop different ways of flight.
A collaborative advertisement between Kamiusagi Rope and au (a Japanese mobile phone company), where Rope and Akira interact with modern cellular technology. 
Two ONA specials of Kamiusagi Rope. Feng Shui: Rope and Akira run into their friend's mother. Undou Shinkei: Akira and Rope tries flying a kite, although it ends up stuck in a tree. 
(No synopsis yet.)
A father works hard for the family. Due to being overweight and not fitting on the couch with his wife and daughter he sets out to lose weight.
The series is inspired by the Super Sentai actor Shouei (照英). Shouei is best known for his role as Gouki/GingaBlue in Seijuu Sentai Gingaman, a role he has reprised for other Super Sentai series and films. (Source: ANN)
Follow the crazy adventures of the young Salmon-chan (half human/half salmon) as she tries to get eaten. (Source: AniDB)
A young girl starting to put on make-up inadvertently ignores her pet rabbit who becomes a bit jealous.
A surreal take on The Honest Woodcutter as a promotion for DJ Shugo's "Otoko-darake no Dai Enkai" music event.
The first episode is a motion capture of the Fujilog characters with Perfume's song with the raw data provided by the Perfume website. The second episode is smooth/realistic CG animation on top of real life footage; it shows Fujiyama in his OSAM 1-gou that we see in the TV series.
Talent recruitment video for OPT Ltd., an e-marketing research company. The theme song was sung by Handsome Kenya.
(No synopsis yet.)
There exist creatures of darkness and evil that plague the night, devouring any human unfortunate enough to be caught in their grasp. On the other side is Hellsing, an organization dedicated to destroying these supernatural forces that threaten the very existence of humanity. At its head is Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, who commands a powerful military and spends her life fighting the undead. Integra's vast army, however, pales in comparison with her ultimate weapon: the vampire Alucard, who works against his own kind as an exterminator for Hellsing. With his new vampire servant, Seras Victoria, at his side, Alucard must battle not only monsters, but all those who stand to oppose Hellsing, be they in the guise of good or evil. In a battle for mankind's survival, Hellsing Ultimate proves that appearances are not all they may seem, and sometimes the greatest weapon can come in the form of one's worst nightmare. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When the members of Fairy Tail aren't destroying towns or defeating powerful foes, they're attending school, travelling back in time, visiting water parks, and taking on odd jobs from strange clients. No matter where they go, a fun adventure always awaits, sometimes in the most unexpected form! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Something in Okinawa reeks, and it isn't long before Kaori and her friends realize that the smell is coming from dead fish, which are walking out of the sea. The fish are fused to metal legs and are infected with a disease contractable by humans that was invented as a weapon by unknown sources. After what happens to Tadashi, Kaori finds herself in a new world very much like the old one but with the stench of death. 
OVAs of History's Strongest Disciple Kenichi bundled with volumes 46, 47, 49, 53, 54, 55, & 56 of the manga.
OVA episodes bundled with the 8th and 11th volumes of the manga.
Eba Yuzuki has mysteriously decided to go to high school in the countryside. But despite Kirishima Haruto's objections, she is living in his home. Now he has to put up with a freeloading city girl and even worse, make sure Kanzaki Nanami, the girl he likes, doesn't get the wrong idea!
The story centers around a timid orphan named Mizumura Shinta who goes to a missionary school in Tokyo. His seemingly normal life changes when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Mizumura discovers that he is actually a vampire hunter and the successor of the Romuald lineage. (Source: ANN)
The story is set in the future on the planet named Amoi which is controlled by a supercomputer named Jupiter. Among the mostly male human population, the light-haired elite class is allowed to temporarily keep the dark-haired "mongrels" as pets. One elite member, Iason, encounters a mongrel named Riki in the slums and decides to take him in. However, Iason keeps Riki longer than it is socially approved, and rumors abound about their possible relationship.
In the land of Eostia, humans and dark elves have fought for supremacy for over a century. The dark elves rule over a race of monsters that has raided human lands for generations, capturing and defiling their women. Aided by powerful bands of mercenaries, the human kingdoms have gradually pushed back their old rivals. But the mercenaries would not settle for these victories. Led by the cruel general Volt, the sellswords declare independence. With the support of the savage orcs, their new nation attacks human and dark elf alike, carving out a kingdom where men reign supreme and women are little more than slaves. Even the dark elves' castle is conquered and their queen taken prisoner. The sole hope for peace in these lands rests with a fellowship of seven princess knights, handpicked by the goddess of the high elves. But is their power enough to cleanse the evil from their world?
Following the everyday lives of four high school girls: the flighty Run, the reckless Tooru, the timid Yuuko, and the level-headed Nagi. Mountain of Pancakes Kitou-sensei injures her hand during class and has to deal with it while Tooru brings cat Tansan to school with her to meet Yutaka and Miho. Later, the girls decide to get pancakes at a café where Miho happens to be working, facing trouble when Yutaka shows up out of the blue. A Picture of a Wish Yuuko catches a cold so the others pay her a visit and help look after her. Later, the girls get together for the New Year's shrine visit. (Source: Wikipedia)
Based on the visual novel by Waffle. Sanjou Maki is the girl living next door to Sakonji Seiichi. She appears to be well-bred, gifted with both beauty and brains. However, one night, Seiichi sees her masturbating on the veranda... Maki easily admits that she's a dirty girl and jokingly suggests to Seiichi that she should be blackmailed into being his sex-slave. (Source: Collaboration Works)
The story follows Risa, a girl with zero experience in romance. Meanwhile, a boy named Yuugure is the most popular student in Risa's school year. Even though the two have had no contact with each other in the past, they find themselves at school at the same time one night.  (Source: ANN) 
Twenty-three-year old Takaba Akihito is a young freelance photographer who takes pride in his work and seeks to get a major "scoop." After he takes photographs of the business dealings of crime lord Asami Ryuichi, Asami kidnaps and rapes him, beginning a sadomasochistic relationship between them as they find themselves continually drawn to one another. Fei Long, a rival Chinese boss who blames Asami for his father's death, takes an interest in Takaba, as well, seeking a way to get revenge. (Source: Wikipedia)
Naoko-san is an alien from the planet Yuri, who is plotting to conquer the Earth by yurifying it. Misuzu is a junior high girl and is always troubled by Naoko-san, who lives on the roof of her house.
A second year high school student and a Kendo club member, Tamao Tsukamu, admires his senpai, the club captain, Kiritani Konome. One fateful day, she asks him for a favor involving making special kinds of photos for the student graduation album.
When the main character visits his school during summer holiday, he accidentally finds Sukumi, his classmate, masturbating in female locker room. "If you don't want me to bring it out into the open, come here every day!" Her orders gradually get bolder and they have sex in the pool...? Super erotic summer holiday! His endless summer with Sukumi now starts!  (Source: ErogeShop)
When 23-year-old Hirose Anna finds out that her little brother masturbates with her dirty underwear, she decides to take things a step further by allowing him to see her do naughty things as well. Each time the situations escalate until she comes out and tells him that as his big sister she will take responsibility for his sexual curiosity. She allows him to do anything with her except for proper sex; yet as his requests get dirtier each time, she remains determined to take responsibility and keep things going no matter what.  (Source: ANN, modified at BakaBT) 
Based on the manga by Osuzu Akiomi. Episode 1: The story is about a brother Ani and his younger sister Kasumi who begin developing feelings towards one another. Episode 2: It's a love story of Sahara Satoshi and Aoba Chinatsudo walking to the same school. Episode 3: Is the story of Makoto and Kouichi. (Source: AniDB)
The story follows a 16-year-old girl who is experiencing her first love during Japan's Taishou period (1912-1926). Bundled with special versions of Otome Nadeshiko Love Diary 2 light novel. (Source: ANN)
The story of the manga centers around Marimo Nogami, a usually quiet fourth-grade girl in elementary school. However, a certain incident leads to Marimo's personal strength blossoming.  (Source: ANN) 
According to Amazon Japan, a two-volume OVA series "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" was announced. "ToHeart 2 Dungeon Travelers" is an RPG game on PlayStaion Portable released in 2011.
An incest story about two cousins who only have a week together. 
According to the official website, an OVA of Nekogami Yaoyorozu was announced to be released on March 21st 2012.
Included on a DVD within the limited edition of the manga's volume 17.  Apo, the pet dog from the manga, will star in the anime.
Tamaki is an elementary school girl. Her father Dr. Yagiyama loves penguins and his excessive lectures about penguins makes Tamaki hate them. In order to get rid of her hatred of penguins, he engineers the penguin-roid "Minori". Tamaki and Minori run about the neighborhood to solve troubles caused by her father.
A war is being fought between the goddesses of dark and light. While the former try to steal the jewels from innocent women, leaving lifeless husks, the latter hunt the evildoers. Both types of goddesses are equipped with powers to fight, but their strongest weapons are their retractable penises—flooding the enemy with pleasure is the only sure-fire way to win. (Source: AniDB)
The March issue of Shogakukan's Ciao shoujo magazine bundled a DVD with a special anime of Igarashi Kaoru's Ijime manga.
(No synopsis yet.)
The science-fiction adventure story takes place 46 million light years away from Earth in the Sombrero Galaxy on a planet named Milky. The alien boy Kid, who refers to himself as Space's #1 Pilot, uses a Power Crystal to modify his spaceship and travel through dimensions.  (Source: ANN) 
In the Kingdom of Midland, a mercenary named Guts wanders the land, preferring a life of conflict over a life of peace. Despite the odds never being in his favor, he is an unstoppable force that overcomes every opponent, wielding a massive sword larger than himself. One day, Griffith, the mysterious leader of the mercenary group Band of the Hawk, witnesses the warrior's battle prowess and invites the wandering swordsman to join his squadron. Rejecting the offer, Guts challenges Griffith to a duel—and, much to the former's surprise, is subsequently defeated and forced to join. Now, Guts must fight alongside Griffith and his crew to help Midland defeat the Empire of Chuder. However, Griffith seems to harbor ulterior motives, desiring something much larger than just settling the war... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In 1945, Yoshika Miyafuji, who lost her witch powers during the Strike Witches' last assignment, has been studying to become a doctor. Shizuka Hattori, one of her cadets in the Imperial Fuso Navy, then arrives to deliver a message: Yoshika is to be transferred for study abroad in Europe.  (Source: Kadokawa) 
This story involves the shopkeeper Suzuri of Kokumondou who sells historic books and Mizuki, granddaughter of the land owner. When Mizuki releases a somewhat cute young spider demon out of a sealed book, the pair investigate the origins behind it. (Source: BakaBT)
In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout daily life. Sora Yuuki is a 14-year-old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform.
In a time of darkness and barbarism, the Chantry has arisen - a religious order seeking to bring stability to a world corrupted by sinister magic. Led by the Divine, the Chantry's Templar warriors ruthlessly restrain the Mages and their magical cabals. But when the Templars fail, the most elite order of the Chantry takes charge - the Seekers! (Source: AniDB)
Buta the sword for hire is recruited by the Tufugu Pirates on their voyage to seek a stockpile of treasure. On board he discovers the child Kitsune locked away below deck. After some misunderstandings and with the promise of more money, the two of them go on their own adventure. (Source: BakaBT)
Based on The Magic Tree House series, award winning series of children books written by American author Mary Pope Osborne.
A recap special that will feature the battles of Alma and Knight. The past story of Knight will be described with new animations.
Puka Puka Juju is one of the four anime works that each received 38 million yen (about US$470,000) from the "2011 Young Animator Training Project." Just like in 2010, the animation labor group received 214.5 million yen (US$2.65 million) from the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs, and it distributed most of those funds to studios who train young animators on-the-job.
Don-chan is being bullied by Yaragase, but when Boku keeps seeing it happen, he has to ask himself, what will he do? Shiranpuri is one of the four anime works that each received 38 million yen (about US$470,000) from the "2011 Young Animator Training Project." Just like in 2010, the animation labor group received 214.5 million yen (US$2.65 million) from the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs, and it distributed most of those funds to studios who train young animators on-the-job. (Source: AniDB) 
Blossom is a short work of animation set to music. It is dedicated to memory of Japan's 3/11 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami disaster that "reminds us not to forget those who were directly affected."  (Source: Crunchyroll News) 
In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere are dressing up and acting as their favorite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself. On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fu-Chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fu-Chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city! To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fu-Chan, all 28 Pretty Cures gather once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine. 
Second part of the s.CRY.ed recap.
Nobita and his dad buy a big rhinoceros beetle, which he promises to his dad to take good care of it. Later, Doraemon's group finds a strange island where a tribe co-exists with prehistoric creatures long believed to extinct yet preserved by a mythical beetle spirit named Golden Hercules. However, the group has to deal with a group of criminals from the future who intend to capture Golden Hercules for a profit. (Source: Wikipedia)
A collaborative advertisement video between Kamiusagi Rope and Panasonic, where Rope and Akira interact with Panasonic's new surround headphones.
It is said that there is a thousands years old treasure that must be found before it fall into the wrong hands, and the Dragon flute which only the real descendant of the dragon can open the door of the treasure. It's a race against time and full onslaught of enemies to stop the heroes from there quest. (Source: AniDB)
Based on a children's book of the same name. A kappa and his mother live by themselves in the river. He makes friends with the village children until one day a child drowned by accident due to his neglect. The village adults deemed the kappa family at fault and they were going to be eliminated until a plague hit the village. People started dying but the kappa family had a cure. By using the potion knowledge of his mother and the special mortar deep under water, together they were able to make medicine to save the villagers. But after the events, can either group forgive each other?
Abstract animated short film by Takashi Ohashi, visually syncing Japanese hip-hop with with a variety of symbols and shapes.
A collection of seven short films by Kunio Katou that were screened together at various art exhibitions in Japan.
70 million years ago dinosaurs ruled the Korean Peninsula the same way they ruled the rest of the earth. At that time the part of the land now known as Jeonnam Yeosu was the forest habitat of numerous dinosaur species: Tarbosaurus. The youngest of a family of Tarbosaurs, Spotty is a curious and playful child. Along with his mother and siblings, he lives happily in the forest, waiting patiently to learn to hunt. When that day arrives, it marks the beginning of a long and painful journey into adulthood for Spotty. The cunning One-eye, an older Tyrannosaur looking for a new home, attacks Spotty's herd one day and, smelling sure victory, viciously tears Spotty's family away from him. Now on his own, he meets up with another lonely, lost Tarbosaur. Blue Eyes becomes his constant companion for two decades and the mother of his own children. But fate is fickle and Spotty's troubles with One-eye are not over, and revenge, death, fear, and sadness are all in Spotty's future - as is happiness and hope. (Source: IMDB)
A few months after the events of Steins;Gate, Rintarou Okabe and his group of friends are invited to tag along with their acquaintance Faris NyanNyan, who is participating in a Rai-Net battle event in the United States. There, they meet up with an old colleague: Kurisu Makise, who has been recalling fragmented memories of events that happened in the other world lines in the form of dreams. She confronts Okabe, questioning him as to whether these events—particularly the incidents between the two of them—did indeed happen. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A series of 3-5 minute specials that were bundled with the HighSchool DxD DVD and Blu-rays. They are a stand alone set of episodes that are not a part of any story line in particular. Special 1: Going Sunbathing! - The Occult Research Club goes on a beach outing. Special 2: Issei's Private Training! - Issei is being given lessons in magic by Akeno. Special 3: A Little Bold, Koneko-Chan... Nyan! - Koneko accidentally has her personality reversed magically, making her incredibly sexually active and reversing her sexual preference. Special 4: The Untold Story of The Dress Break's Birth! - A few flashbacks of how Issei first found out and eventually perfected his special move, Dress Break. Special 5: Making Udon! - As part of a penalty for losing a bet, Sona and Tsubaki make udon for the Occult Research Club but the udon comes to life in a peculiar way... Special 6: Asia Transforms! - Asia wants to prove she is just as bad as any demon by using ideas found in Issei's magazines, going as far as dressing up like a harlot and seducing him. (Source: Wikipedia)
It is September 1944 and World War II is raging in Europe. To get an advantage on the field, Nazis are experimenting with artificial vampire technologies, they are still far away from achieving their initial goal, but even the intermediate stages of such researches are possessing a great threat to The anti-German coalition. In an attempt to stop the Nazi project and to protect England and The Allies current head of the Hellsing House, Sir Arthur Hellsing, is sending his best agents—Walter C. Dornes and Alucard—into German-occupied Poland where monstrous experiments are being conducted.
Episode 13 of Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko released on Blu-ray & DVD.
Unaired "Ura Mirai Nikki" anime (the short episodes of Mur Mur inserted at the end of the main episodes) included in the Mirai Nikki Blu-rays.
A one-hour Noitamina special that recaptures the first 11 episodes of Guilty Crown. 
Spin-off of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu that has been serialized on Famitsu Comic Clear website since 2010. These specials are included in the Baka to Test Ni! BD/DVD releases.
Written by Kinoko Nasu, these specials are included in the BD box sets I & II. Join Irisviel as she helps Disciple No. Zero understand more details and history relating to the Holy Grail War.
This is an online distribution of the prologue of the movie, illustrating the first day of the entire story. A world, forever beyond your expectations. In a dark, cramped, underground world of endless tunnels and shafts, people wear protective suits and live out their modest yet happy lives. The princess of the underground community, Patema, goes out exploring as always, inspired by her curiosity of the unknown depths of the world. Her favorite spot is the "danger zone," an area forbidden by the "rule" of the community. Despite being frequently chastised by her caretaker Jii, she cannot hold back her curiosity for the reason behind the rule, because no one would tell her what the "danger" was. When she approaches the hidden "secret," the story begins. (Source: translation of a synopsis from the nicovideo news)
Animated four-panel manga that comes as extra on the DVDs and Blu-rays.
Shakugan no Shana-tan: Final Destruction specials bundled with the limited edition second and sixth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana III (Final) Blu-ray and DVD.
Two recap specials titled "Fate/Zero Remix I" and "Fate/Zero Remix II" serve to summarize the first 13 episodes of Fate/Zero.
Furiko, meaning "pendulum," shows the highs and lows of a family of two—a high schooler, and his future wife, whom he rescues from delinquents. From the brilliant mind of comedian Tekken, comes a heartwarming story of a couple overcoming their differences even as they struggle through life. Not a moment goes by without meaning or expression in these four and a half minutes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]  In December of 2018, Tekken released an extended cut of film which features new music and adds one-and-a-half minutes of runtime.
A new special episode that was distributed to those who purchase all three Blu-ray box sets of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei series on January 31, 2012. 
Special Picture Drama episode included on the Anohana Fes. Memorial DVD/Blu-ray Box
An alternate ending to the anime with Airi being the chosen girl. This is not animated in a normal anime fashion, it is more of a gal game animation.
DVD/BD specials of Mashiroiro Symphony: The Color of Lovers.
A special short in BD BOX.
"Chibi-style" special included in the last Blu-Ray.
Rinne no Lagrange short specials included in the Rinne no Lagrange Blu-rays and DVDs.
Tales of Gekijou is the pre-order bonus for Tales of the Heroes: Twin Brave. It is a series of five short animations produced by Sunrise.  Episodes 1 and 2 were aired in BS-TBS's New Year Special. The other 3 episodes will be available in the pre-order bonus via a download code along with the first two.
Unaired episodes of the "Morita-san wa Mukuchi" TV series bundled with the 5th manga volume.
Special included with the Lupin 40th anniversary Blu-ray set. Lupin has invited all of his friends to a villa on a private island. It's the first time they've seen each other for the past five years. Lupin is planning a big surprise while they are all at the villa except Fujiko, Goemon and Jigen find Lupin's behavior to be unusual. They are also curious about who the man in the iron mask is, who is chained up to a wall for the reasons they are about to find out. (Source: ANN)
Pilot of Lupin sequel included with the Lupin 40th anniversary Bluray set. Five generations after Lupin the 3rd, Lupin the 8th plies his trade in an airship that flies above a futuristic Paris. (Source: ANN)
Extra science lessons included with the Gunbuster Blu-ray Box Complete Edition. These explain how the space ropeway works, and time dilation from near-lightspeed travel.
Commercial for Tokyo Disney Resort, owned and operated by the Oriental Land Company (OLC), in celebration of its 30th anniversary on April 15, 2013.
Pilot for a hypothetical Lupin 3DCG project included with the 40th anniversary Master File BD/DVD.
The "Megumi and Taiyou II" commercial centers on the mystery of Taiyou's missing "Sapphire Roman"—a seedling for grapes of "legendary" taste. (Source: ANN)
Neko no Sumu Shima (The island where the cats live) takes place in Tashiro-jima, a place called "Island of the cats," which was severely damaged by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami. This 5-minutes episode follow the story of cats after the disaster.
A 3-minute trailer of the new TV series, Eagle Talon NEO, and the new ONA series, himitsukesshatakanotsume.jp, with original footage.
A two-part TV special focusing on the romance between the dogs.
Chronologically the 10th, 12th, 13th, and 16th eps that were never shown in theaters. They were released on DVD before and were shown on TV 3 years after the main 2nd season aired in theaters. 
Cats play baseball at night. When their ball goes over the fence a dog is indifferent on giving it back. The cat tries different methods to get revenge.
Short film directed by Amika Kubo and sponsored by WWF Japan as part of their campaign to move Japan away from nuclear energy and towards the use of renewable energy.
