Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasukabe are extraordinary teenagers who are blessed with psychic powers but completely fed up with their disproportionately mundane lives—until, unexpectedly, each of them receives a strange envelope containing an invitation to a mysterious place known as Little Garden.  Inexplicably dropped into a vast new world, the trio is greeted by Kurousagi, who explains that they have been given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to participate in special high-stakes games using their abilities. In order to take part, however, they must first join a community. Learning that Kurousagi's community "No Names" has lost its official status and bountiful land due to their defeat at the hands of a demon lord, the group sets off to help reclaim their new home's dignity, eager to protect its residents and explore the excitement that Little Garden has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Neighbor's Club—a club founded for the purpose of making friends, where misfortunate boys and girls with few friends live out their regrettable lives. Although Yozora Mikazuki faced a certain incident at the end of summer, the daily life of the Neighbor's Club goes on as usual. A strange nun, members of the student council and other new faces make an appearance, causing Kodaka Hasegawa's life to grow even busier. While they all enjoy going to the amusement park, playing games, celebrating birthdays, and challenging the "school festival"—a symbol of the school life normal people live—the relations amongst the members slowly begins to change... Let the next stage begin, on this unfortunate coming-of-age love comedy!! (Source: ANN)
The infidelity of Eita Kidou's parents not only made his family fall apart, but also made him skeptic of love. Having no intention to delve into romance, Eita devotes his entire high school life to his studies in order to become a doctor. It did not take long for the beautiful and popular Masuzu Natsukawa to notice Eita's apathy. Tired of being the object of people's affection, she asks him to pretend to be her boyfriend, as she too feels disgusted at the notion of love. Eita, however, refuses—yet Masuzu has one trick left up her sleeve: Eita’s journal and threatening to post the embarrassing content online if he does not comply. Now entangled in a fake romance with the most desired girl at school, Eita's life is turned upside down. Whether envied by his peers or receiving a confession, he must cope with his newfound relationship and all the troubles that come along with it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Otonokizaka High School is in a crisis! With the number of enrolling students dropping lower and lower every year, the school is set to shut down after its current first years graduate. However, second year Honoka Kousaka refuses to let it go without a fight. Searching for a solution, she comes across popular school idol group A-RISE and sets out to create a school idol group of her own. With the help of her childhood friends Umi Sonoda and Kotori Minami, Honoka forms μ's (pronounced "muse") to boost awareness and popularity of her school. Unfortunately, it's all easier said than done. Student council president Eri Ayase vehemently opposes the establishment of a school idol group and will do anything in her power to prevent its creation. Moreover, Honoka and her friends have trouble attracting any additional members. But the Love Live, a competition to determine the best and most beloved school idol groups in Japan, can help them gain the attention they desperately need. With the contest fast approaching, Honoka must act quickly and diligently to try and bring together a school idol group and win the Love Live in order to save Otonokizaka High School. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Fifteen years have passed since the war between humans and demons began. Dissatisfied with their slow advance into the Demon Realm, the Hero abandons his companions to quickly forge ahead towards the Demon Queen's castle. Upon his arrival at the royal abode, the Hero makes a startling discovery: not only is the Demon Queen a woman of unparalleled beauty, but she also seeks the Hero's help. Confused by this unexpected turn of events, the Hero refuses to ally himself with his enemy, claiming that the war the demons have waged is tearing the Southern Nations apart. However, the Demon Queen rebuts, arguing that the war has not only united humanity but has also brought them wealth and prosperity, providing evidence to support her claims. Furthermore, she explains that if the war were to end, the supplies sent by the Central Nations in aid to the Southern Nations would cease, leaving hundreds of thousands to starve. Fortunately, she offers the Hero a way to end the war while bringing hope not only to the Southern Nations, but also to the rest of the world, though she will need his assistance to make this a reality. Finally convinced, the Hero agrees to join his now former enemy in her quest. Vowing to stay together through sickness and health, they set off for the human world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A school love comedy. Kotoura Haruka is a 15-year-old girl who can read people's minds. She has been suffering from troubles caused by her mind-reading ability, and her parents got divorced as a result. She moves to a new high school but tries to keep away from her classmates. Manabe Yoshihisa, one of her classmates, accepts and appreciates her ability and she begins to interact with her friends with his help.  (Source: MAL News)
Inside the Usagiyama Shopping District lies an eccentric but close-knit community of business owners. Tamako Kitashirakawa, a clumsy though adorable teenage girl, belongs to a family of mochi bakers who own a quaint shop called Tama-ya. One day, Tamako stumbles upon a talking bird that presents himself as royalty from a distant land. Dera Mochimazzi, as he calls himself, states that he’s seeking a bride for his country’s prince. Intent on his mission, Dera follows Tamako home and develops an addiction to mochi, becoming painfully overweight and subsequently unable to fly back to his homeland; thus, he takes up residence with Tamako's family and becomes the community’s beloved mascot. Meanwhile, Tamako's friend, Mochizou Ooji, continues to hide his true feelings for her. Their fathers are fierce mochi rivals, but will it be enough to drive a wedge between Tamako and Mochizou? And just what will happen to Dera's task of finding his prince’s destined bride? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After fainting at work, a young lady awakens in the back room of the café she works at with no memory of her life or those around her. Two of her friends, whom she soon learns are named Shin and Toma, are called to help her get home safely. Once she is alone, she meets a spectral boy named Orion that only she can see and hear. He explains that she lost her memories because of his chance visit to her world, so he vows to help her remember who she is. However, regaining her departed memories without worrying those around her may be more difficult than she realizes. In addition to the gloomy Shin and the protective Toma, she must be wary of arousing the suspicions of the captivating Ikki, the quick-witted Kent, and a mysterious man who lurks in the distance. As her amnesia entangles her in the lives of each of these men, her fragmented memories return piece by piece, and the mysteries of her circumstances slowly come to light. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Chihaya Ayase is obsessed with developing her school's competitive karuta club, nursing daunting ambitions like winning the national team championship at the Omi Jingu and becoming the Queen, the best female karuta player in Japan—and in extension, the world. As their second year of high school rolls around, Chihaya and her fellow teammates must recruit new members, train their minds and bodies alike, and battle the formidable opponents that stand in their way to the championship title. Meanwhile, Chihaya's childhood friend, Arata Wataya, the prodigy who introduced her to karuta, rediscovers his lost love for the old card game. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinomiya Kyouya is forced to become a new member of the GJ, an unidentified club that dwells in a room of the former building of a certain school. Here he meets the club leader, Mao, a short girl with a big attitude; Mao's younger sister, Megumi, who has the heart of a bipolar angel; the recognized genius with a lack of common sense, Shion; and the always-hungry and mysterious Kirara. Time flies with these unique girls around. 
Kyousuke Hyoubu, an ESPer who was betrayed many years ago, is now one of the most powerful ESPers—and also a fugitive. However, behind that glare lies a kind heart. His main mission is to save ESPers who are mistreated by humans, even if that be by force. Through his methods, he has saved many ESPer lives and gained the loyalty of those he has saved. The name of his group: P.A.N.D.R.A. (Source: ANN)
The Hanzo Academy is a prestigious prep school with a secret known only to a select few. Behind its walls is a training course for shinobi; trained spies and assassins that centuries ago had served the shoguns for their political and military needs. Today the tradition continues with five young female trainees with diverse personalities: the care-free Asuka, fierce yet perverted Katsuragi, the sweet and innocent Hibari, stoic and protective Yagyuu, and their mature, class representative, Ikaruga. Senran Kagura tells the story of these five girls and their secret journey to complete their shinobi training. The journey quickly becomes more complicated than they expect though when a darker, more sinister group of shinobi reveal themselves. Not only do they know of the girls at the Hanzo Academy, but they seem fully intent on and capable of proving themselves to be the superior, modern day shinobi. Through honing their skills, harnessing the power of their secret scrolls to perform shinobi transformations, and working together as a team, Asuka and her friends must rise to meet this new challenge. Not just for the sake of their training, but for the everything the Hanzo Academy stands for.
Once upon a time, the demon lord Rchimedes spread terror throughout the world, until he was eventually sealed away by the legendary hero Creasion. Since then, a thousand years have passed peacefully. However, a mysterious hole has opened up between the demon and human spheres, and countless demons have surged into the human realm once more. Coming to the conclusion that Rchimedes would soon return to wreak havoc, a human king summons the possible descendants of the legendary hero—all 75 of them. Unfortunately, after so long, it was too difficult to pinpoint his true descendants.  Among the lionhearted prospects is the amateur adventurer Alba Frühling. His skills may not be top-notch, but he is accompanied by the talented soldier Ross, who helps the young hero whenever he is in a pinch...or at least, he is supposed to. Though undoubtedly a skilled warrior, Ross is actually both sarcastic and sadistic, and hence revels in Alba's suffering.  Senyuu. is a comedic adventure following the unlikely duo as they struggle in their endeavor to defeat the demon lord, meeting various eccentrics along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The village of Ootsuka—home to Shino Inuzuka, Sousuke Inukawa, and Hamaji—was lit on fire under the preconception that a virus had seen all of its life eradicated. Now surrounded by flames and on the verge of death, the three were approached by a strange man holding a sword. He tells them that they must reach a decision if they want to live. That night changed everything for these children. Five years later, the family of three now lives under the watchful eye of the small Imperial Church in a nearby village. All is fine and dandy until the Church attempts to reclaim the demonic sword of Murasame. To accomplish this, they kidnap Hamaji to lure Shino, now a bearer of Murasame's soul, and Sousuke, who possesses the ability to transform into a dog. The brothers must put their differences aside to rescue their beloved sister from the Church in the Imperial Capital, signalling the beginning of a very difficult journey. 
In a world where half-human, half-animal chimeras live and work alongside normal people, there are sure to be a few bad apples in the bunch. Unfortunately, half-human criminals means non-human clues that often leave the police stumped. That's where lone wolf detectives like Hiroshi Inaba come in. He's literally part wolf and has the amazing ability to extract critical information just by examining or tasting a sample of someone's hair! Of course, that ability has also resulted in Inaba having a little bit of a hair fetish, but that doesn't seem to be a problem for his two assistants. (Well, at least the cross-dressing one isn't complaining much.) And it's nothing compared to the strange tastes of Inaba's nemesis, the omnivorous (and half goat) crime boss Don Valentino, who has an appetite for green legal tender instead of tender young greens! Inaba's sworn to cut Valentino out of the criminal flock before the Don can wolf down more ill-gotten dough, but he's going to have to chew his way through a lot of evidence to get his goat. Can sheer dogged detective work put the baaaaad guys behind bars? (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
The Japanese call them hikikomori—people who've become so withdrawn socially that they refuse to leave their homes for weeks and even months at a time. For Sasami Tsukuyomi, who's attempting to pass her first year of high school despite being a shut in, it's more than just a word. Fortunately though, she lives with her older brother Kamiomi, who just happens to be a teacher at the school Sasami is supposed to attend. Not to mention, her "Brother Surveillance Tool" which lets her view the outside world via her computer and will, theoretically, allow her to readjust to interfacing with people again. What it mainly does, however, is let her view her brother's interactions with the three very odd Yagami sisters, who inexplicably seem to have had their ages reversed and have various types of "interest" in Kamiomi. And then things start to get really weird... Magical powers? Everything turning into chocolate? Is life via the web warping Sasami's brain, or is it the universe that's going crazy? (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
Friendship is the key to protecting the world. That is everyone's wish. Here in a world where science has solved all questions. This story is set in Oshima. The happy, carefree 14-year-old Akane Isshiki lived a poor, but well loved life together with her reliable little sister, Momo, who does all the housework, and her grandfather, Kenjirou, a genius inventor who only created useless devices. When the weather is clear, they can see the artificial island, Blue Island, across the sea. In the center of that island rises the revolutionary Manifestation Engine, a discovery that solved the world's energy problems. It is a peaceful future, just like everyone dreamed of. One where everyone can smile and be happy... But suddenly, the world is visited by danger. An unknown enemy, the Alone, appear, targeting the Manifestation Engine. As none of their weapons worked and they fell into despair, a lone girl takes a stand wearing a red "Palette Suit" which wields a great, hidden power. Before long, allies gather around her to fight. And their friendship becomes the only hope for saving the world! (Source: ANN)
As a child, Aoi Yukimura adored mountains and was passionate about climbing. However, a playground accident has since left her afraid of heights, turning her toward indoor hobbies. Unfortunately, now a shy and timid first-year high school student, Aoi has become so absorbed in these pastimes that she can barely socialise with others, leaving her practically friendless. It’s only when she runs into the lively Hinata Kuraue, an old friend from her climbing days, that things start to change.  Impulsive and high-spirited, Hinata insists on having Aoi join her in all sorts of climbing activities. Though reluctant at first, Aoi quickly finds that her time with Hinata brings back fond memories of their childhood and soon decides to start climbing again. As the return to her past hobby starts to bring her out of her shell, Aoi finds herself gaining close friends, taking on new challenges, and continuing to find her own encouragement to climb. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The everyday lives of the Minami sisters continue. Chiaki, the youngest, continues to call people idiots while worshipping her eldest sister. Kana, the middle, still can't figure out that Fujioka's feelings for her are a crush, not a grudge. Haruka, the eldest, still unknowingly avoids Hosaka's advances to invite her to the volleyball team, and after a long day of excitement, the sisters enjoy sitting at the table at their home. (Source: ANN)
In the year since the 77th generation understudies joined AKB0048, the Deep Galactic Trade Organization [DGTO] and DES have stepped up their attacks on entertainment. In response, AKB0048 brings back the general elections and the center nova position. The understudies are now thrusted into a new competition directly against the successors. But as AKB0048 brings back policies not seen since Acchan's disappearance, a new more powerful enemy is quietly moving behind the scenes. (Source: ANN)
"We're going to launch a manga magazine!"  A team of girls with zero experience in manga editing are off and running toward their dream of creating the biggest manga magazine in Japan! They seem to do nothing but run into problems and failures... But still they're working hard every day! (Source: Crunchyroll)
The anime adaptation of the four-panel manga "Ai Mai Mii". The story follows girls in a manga club—Ai, Mai, Mii, and Ponoka-senpai—who might be fighting evil invaders threatening Earth, facing off against rivals in tournaments, and dealing with other absurd situations when they are not drawing manga. (Source: ANN)
In this new series, Satoshi, Pikachu and friends start a new journey towards the "White Ruins." There, they meet the young "N", who can hear the voices from Pokémon's hearts... The door of truth leading to an Utopia for Pokémon and humans now lies open! (Source: AniDB)
On the island of Hatsunejima, where spring is eternal, grows a particular large cherry blossom tree. This cherry blossom tree never withers, and is said to be able to fulfill any wish. However, one day, this tree had become a normal cherry blossom tree...
Kyousuke's younger sister Namika has been living apart from him for ten years. One day, she returns and begins to live with him again, but she has turned into an energetic Osaka girl.
A few months have passed since the VF Circuit, and Aichi is now in High School. However Aichi is in a different high school than most of his friends, a high school where the instructors focus on looking towards the future. One day Aichi admits he thinks Cardfight can be a future people can believe in, but in order to prove it Aichi must use his new deck, a deck in which Royal Paladins and Gold Paladins are combined as one force. Slowly but surely Aichi must gain friends through Cardfighting and help his new team win the newly formed high school cardfighting championships. (Source: ANN)
Anime adaptation of the surreal gag manga about two high school boys, Ishida and Asakura.
Aida Mana is a girl who is always eager to do things for the sake of others. One day, when she was visiting the Clover Tower during her school's orientation program, an enemy who called themselves "Selfish" appeared suddenly, and tried to manipulate her inner heart! To fight this enemy, she borrowed power from a magical fairy Sharuru to transform into Pretty Cure! To protect the peace of the world, other legendary Pretty Cure soon joined her in battle! A mysterious baby also appears, making each day a "Heartthrob" experience! The 4 Cures, always holding "love" in their hearts, are battling for the world's fate! (Source: Asahi TV)
The stage is the close of the Edo period, an age when, not unlike our own time, both natural and man-made disasters left chaos in their wake. Manjiro makes a living helping the people of the troubled capital city, but behind the scenes, he also works in secret to take back precious belongings stolen from the people by unjust political powers and conspiratorial menaces. The people call him "Get-backer Roman." (Source: Crunchyroll)
The story of the anime is set in the year Mobile Century 8013. It has been over seven millennia since humanity was wiped out on Earth, but the surviving military robots continue to wage war with no end in sight. The war has embroiled the Rebellion Federation that controls Europe and the Principality of Shin centered in Asia. Three young robots stand up to put an end to this futile war. (Source: ANN)
Direct continuation of the previous season. Full CG series about a 3 fairies who ramble over about random subjects in 3 locations. 
2nd season of Gakkatsu!.
The anime shorts are set in the fictional Line Corporation with a motley crew of idiosyncratic workers. There is the narcissistic section head and president's son James, the subsection head Moon (who is always gone somewhere but somehow gets his work done), the quiet but kindhearted subsection head Brown, and the subordinate Connie who is in an endless loop of yo-yo diets and weight gains. (Source: ANN)
The fifth season of Usavich.
Beast Saga takes place on a distant planet in our galaxy called Beast where three beast tribes, the Sea Tribe, the Land Tribe, and the Sky Tribe, fight for their honor. Each of the tribes protect an infinite elemental power source called Godlot. (Source: ANN)
The fictional stories will feature each of the members in a different career: Gyuri as a police officer, Seungyeon as an astronaut, Nicole as a passenger boat captain, Hara as security police for the Monaco royal family and Jiyoung as a sexy and spirited firefighter.  (Source: ANN)
The anime is based off an old Japanese story, which in turn was inspired by the classic Chinese novel Suikoden (Water Margin). In the original story, a large band of outlaws are given amnesty by the government to fight foreign forces and rebels. The Tenpou Suidoken version relocates the story to the Chiba Prefecture town of Tonosho, and it revolves around the chivalrous battles of Sasagawa no Shigezou and Iioka Sukegorou. (Source: ANN)
Second season of Larva.
The new anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. 
In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN)
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
The CG anime series is based on Sekiguchi Corporation's line of stuffed toy monkeys. Ashi Productions previously produced the Monchichi, the Twins television anime series that aired in 1980. An American-produced animated series titled Monchhichis also aired in the 1980s. (Source: ANN)
A direct continuation of Kkoma Sinseon Tao.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mystical land of Fiore, magic exists as an essential part of everyday life. Countless magic guilds lie at the core of all magical activity, and serve as venues for like-minded mages to band together and take on job requests. Among them, Fairy Tail stands out from the rest as a place of strength, spirit, and family. Lucy Heartfilia is a young mage searching for celestial gate keys, and her dream is to become a full-fledged wizard by joining this famous guild. In her search, she runs into Natsu Dragneel and his partner Happy, who are on a quest to find Natsu's foster father, the dragon Igneel. Upon being tricked by a man, Lucy falls under an abduction attempt, only to be saved by Natsu. To her shock, he reveals that he is a member of Fairy Tail and invites her to join them. There, Lucy meets the guild's strange members, such as the ice wizard Gray Fullbuster and magic swordswoman Erza Scarlet. Together as a family, they battle the forces of evil, help those in need, and gain new friends, all the while enjoying the never-ending adventure that is Fairy Tail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Justice, and the enforcement of it, has changed. In the 22nd century, Japan enforces the Sibyl System, an objective means of determining the threat level of each citizen by examining their mental state for signs of criminal intent, known as their Psycho-Pass. Inspectors uphold the law by subjugating, often with lethal force, anyone harboring the slightest ill-will; alongside them are Enforcers, jaded Inspectors that have become latent criminals, granted relative freedom in exchange for carrying out the Inspectors' dirty work. Into this world steps Akane Tsunemori, a young woman with an honest desire to uphold justice. However, as she works alongside veteran Enforcer Shinya Kougami, she soon learns that the Sibyl System's judgments are not as perfect as her fellow Inspectors assume. With everything she has known turned on its head, Akane wrestles with the question of what justice truly is, and whether it can be upheld through the use of a system that may already be corrupt. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
When abandoned kittens and his good conscience force second year Sorata Kanda to move into Suimei High School’s infamous Sakura Hall, the satellite dorm and its eccentric, misfit residents turn his life upside down. The decidedly average Sorata finds it difficult to fit in with the bizarre collection of dorm residents like Misaki, an energetic animator; Jin, a playwright playboy; Ryuunosuke, a reclusive programmer; and Chihiro, the dorm manager, art teacher, and party girl. Sorata's friend Nanami, a second year student and aspiring voice actress, pushes him to find new owners for the many cats so that he can quickly move back into the regular dorms. However, his desire to escape Sakura Hall wavers when the pet-like and infantile second year Mashiro Shiina, a world-class artistic savant looking to become a mangaka, transfers in during the spring trimester and quickly latches onto him. Supported by each other's quirks, Sorata and Mashiro come out of their shells and trigger change in the lives of those around them. Based on the light novel series of the same name, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo explores the fine threads connecting talent, hard work, romance, and friendship with its ensemble cast. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Dispersed around the world, there are several bizarre labyrinths hiding incredible treasures within them. These mysterious places, known as "Dungeons," are said to be the work of Magi, a class of rare magicians, who also help people build their empires by guiding them to a dungeon. Djinns, supernatural beings that rule over the labyrinths, grant successful conquerors access to their immense power and choose them as potential king candidates to rule the world. Having spent life in isolation, Aladdin, a kind and young magician, is eager to explore the world upon finally leaving his home behind. He begins his journey only accompanied by his mentor Ugo—a djinn that Aladdin can summon with his flute. However, Aladdin soon becomes friends with the courageous Alibaba Saluja after causing the destruction of a local merchant's supply cart. In order to pay for the damages, Alibaba suggests that they attempt to conquer the nearest dungeon, taking the first step in an epic adventure that will decide the fate of the world itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following a sudden outbreak of psychokinesis in 0.1% of the population, a rapid transformation swept the world. The godlike ability to manipulate matter remotely turned many power wielders to violence, inciting a long period of upheaval. Finally, after a chaotic era shaped by the rise and fall of oppressive regimes, the psychic humans were able to achieve a fragile peace by isolating their society, creating a new world bound by complex rules. In the town of Kamisu 66, 12-year-old Saki Watanabe has just awakened to her powers and is relieved to rejoin her friends—the mischievous Satoru Asahina, the shy Mamoru Itou, the cheerful Maria Akizuki, and Shun Aonuma, a mysterious boy whom Saki admires—at Sage Academy, a special school for psychics. However, unease looms as Saki begins to question the fate of those unable to awaken to their powers, and the children begin to get involved with secretive matters such as the rumored Tainted Cats said to abduct children. Shinsekai yori tells the unique coming-of-age story of Saki and her friends as they journey to grow into their roles in the supposed utopia. Accepting these roles, however, might not come easy when faced with the dark and shocking truths of society, and the impending havoc born from the new world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In 1868, Dario Brando saves the life of an English nobleman, George Joestar. By taking in Dario's son Dio when the boy becomes fatherless, George hopes to repay the debt he owes to his savior. However Dio, unsatisfied with his station in life, aspires to seize the Joestar house for his own. Wielding an Aztec stone mask with supernatural properties, he sets out to destroy George and his son, Jonathan "JoJo" Joestar, and triggers a chain of events that will continue to echo through the years to come. Half a century later, in New York City, Jonathan's grandson Joseph Joestar discovers the legacy his grandfather left for him. When an archeological dig unearths the truth behind the stone mask, he realizes that he is the only one who can defeat the Pillar Men, mystical beings of immeasurable power who inadvertently began everything. Adapted from the first two arcs of Hirohiko Araki's outlandish manga series, JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken follows the many thrilling expeditions of JoJo and his descendants. Whether it's facing off with the evil Dio, or combatting the sinister Pillar Men, there's always plenty of bizarre adventures in store. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yoshino Takigawa, an ordinary teenager, is secretly dating his best friend Mahiro's younger sister. But when his girlfriend Aika mysteriously dies, Mahiro disappears, vowing to find the one responsible and make them pay for murdering his beloved sister. Yoshino continues his life as usual and has not heard from Mahiro in a month—until he is confronted by a strange girl who holds him at gunpoint, and his best friend arrives in the nick of time to save him. Yoshino learns that Mahiro has enlisted the help of a witch named Hakaze Kusaribe to find Aika's killer and of the existence of an entity known as the "Tree of Exodus." The witch's brother selfishly desires to make use of its power, in spite of the impending peril to the world. However, Hakaze is banished to a deserted island, and it is now up to Yoshino and Mahiro to help her save the world, while inching ever closer to the truth behind Aika's death. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Onto their third serialization, manga duo Moritaka Mashiro and Akito Takagi—also known by their pen name, Muto Ashirogi—are ever closer to their dream of an anime adaption. However, the real challenge is only just beginning: if they are unable to compete with the artist Eiji Niizuma in the rankings within the span of six months, they will be cancelled. To top it off, numerous rivals are close behind and declaring war. They don't even have enough time to spare thinking about an anime! In Bakuman. 3rd Season, Muto Ashirogi must find a way to stay atop the colossal mountain known as the Shounen Jack rankings. With new problems and new assistants, the pair continue to strive for their dream. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As a child, Riki Naoe shut himself from the world, thanks to a diagnosis of narcolepsy following the tragic deaths of his parents. However, Riki is saved when, one fateful day, a boy named Kyousuke recruits him into a team who call themselves the Little Busters. Accompanied by Masato, Kengo, and Rin, these misfits spend their childhood fighting evil and enjoying their youth. Years pass, and even in high school, the well-knit teammates remain together. Kyousuke decides to re-ignite the Little Busters by forming a baseball team as it will be his last school year with them. They have a problem though: there aren't enough members! The tables have turned, for it is now Riki's turn to reach out and recruit new friends into the Little Busters, just like Kyousuke had once done for him. Then, an omen surfaces—Rin finds a strange letter attached to her cat, assigning them the duty of uncovering the "secret of this world" by completing specific tasks. Just what is this secret, and why is it being hidden? It's up to the Little Busters to find out! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Senshadou" is a traditional sport using World War II era tanks in elimination-based matches. Widely practiced by women and girls alike, it's advertised as a form of art geared towards making ladies more prominent in culture and appealing to men. Becoming a worldwide phenomenon over time, the influence of senshadou leads to the creation of a world championship which will soon be held in Japan. Miho Nishizumi, who comes from a lineage of well-respected senshadou specialists, is at odds with the sport after a traumatic event led to her retirement and eventually a rift to form between her and her family. To steer clear of the practice as much as possible, she transfers to Ooarai Girls High School where the senshadou program has been abolished. However, with the news of the upcoming championships, the school revives their tankery program, and Miho is pushed into joining. Now, with the aid of some new friends, she must overcome her past and once again take command of a squadron of tanks in an effort to save her school from closure, all while proving to her family that the Nishizumi-style of senshadou is not solely about victory. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While Gintoki Sakata was away, the Yorozuya found themselves a new leader: Kintoki, Gintoki's golden-haired doppelganger. In order to regain his former position, Gintoki will need the help of those around him, a troubling feat when no one can remember him! Between Kintoki and Gintoki, who will claim the throne as the main character? In addition, Yorozuya make a trip back down to red-light district of Yoshiwara to aid an elderly courtesan in her search for her long-lost lover. Although the district is no longer in chains beneath the earth's surface, the trio soon learn of the tragic backstories of Yoshiwara's inhabitants that still haunt them. With flashback after flashback, this quest has Yorozuya witnessing everlasting love and protecting it as best they can with their hearts and souls. Gintama': Enchousen includes moments of action-packed intensity along with their usual lighthearted, slapstick humor for Gintoki and his friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It has always been the aspiration of the Central Tanegashima High School Robotics Research Club to complete the GunPro1, a fully functioning giant robot. For years, the members of the club have contributed to its progress and it is now Akiho Senomiya's goal to finally make the dream of all the past club members become a reality. However, things are not as easy as they seem as the club lacks the funding for such a huge endeavor. Aside from that, the only other club member, Kaito Yashio, shows no interest in assisting his childhood friend and instead indulges in playing mecha-fighting games on his "PokeCom."  As Kaito is in the middle of wasting his days, he receives an indecipherable message and hears a voice that seems to be drowned out by the noise of static. He searches for the source, only to realize that it came from Airi Yukifune, an AI which only exists within the augmented reality system accessible via the PokeCom. Robotic;Notes follows the story of Kaito as he discovers a peculiar report in Airi's database, one that would have disastrous consequences in the future. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
China’s Warring States period, a raging dragon that would raze the land for 500 years, saw many kingdoms rise and fall, making way for the next generation of kings and generals to fight for supremacy. Eventually, seven powerful states emerged from the endless cycle of warfare. In the kingdom of Qin, Li Xin, a war-orphaned slave, trains vigorously with fellow slave and best friend, Piao, who shares his proud dream of one day becoming a Great General of the Heavens. However, the two are suddenly forced to part ways when Piao is recruited to work in the royal palace by a retainer of the King. After a fierce coup d'état unfolds, Piao returns to Xin, half dead, with a mission that will lead him to a meeting with China's young King, Ying Zheng, who bears a striking resemblance to Piao. Kingdom follows Xin as he takes his first steps into the great blood-soaked pages of China's history. He must carve his own path to glory on his long quest to become a Great General of the historic Seven Warring States. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The game and anime follow Kon Hokaze, a boy who embarks on a journey from our world to an alternate world known as Mira, which is full a mysterious energy known as Alma. After saving Princess Ecarlate from attackers, he soon finds himself in the middle of a struggle around Alma.
Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects. Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Taking place in the sacred land of street running Kanagawa, once more Takumi Fujiwara will show his driving skills in his now legendary Hachi-roku. 
Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures!  (Source: Crunchyroll) 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
The god of war and guardian of his namesake planet, Mars, was once sealed away by Seiya, but time has passed and his revival is at hand. Meanwhile, Saori Kido (Athena) is raising the boy Kouga, whose life Seiya saved, and he's been training every day to become a Saint in order to prepare for the coming crisis...  Unaware of his destiny, when Kouga awakens to the power of his Cosmo hidden inside him, the curtain will rise upon the legend of a new Saint. (Source: ANN)
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Inazuma Eleven Go: Chrono Stone is set after the Holy Road Soccer Tournament. The hero of of the moment, Tenma Matsukaze, traveled all over Japan to teach soccer to kids. He returns to Raimon Junior High School after completing his mission, but to his surprise, it's no longer the same Raimon Junior High that he remembers. The soccer club is non-existent, and the members of the champion team in the Holy Road Soccer Tournament have no recollection of taking part in the tournament. They neither remember Tenma nor the game of soccer they loved. As Tenma is baffled by this twist, Alpha, the leader of the Route Agents and captain of Protocol Omega team, suddenly appears before him. Alpha declares that he and his team are responsible for wiping out passion for soccer in Raimon along with the memories of the soccer club members: and Tenma himself is next. That's when a strange boy named Fei Rune appears just in time to save him. Just who is Fei, and why does Alpha want to eliminate soccer for good? Tenma knows that he needs to do everything in his power to emerge victorious. It's a battle that could seal the fate of soccer forever.
The continuation of Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.  A new enemy has been revealed - Barian. They wish to gather the "Numbers" and destroy the Astral World to avoid their own world's destruction. As such, Yuma and his friends are their prime target, and the Barian begin to slowly enter Heartland City.
The story follows a boy who was in a soccer team, but it was disbanded due to not enough players. However, after the boy meets a female professional soccer player, he aims to bring his soccer team back. (Source: AniDB)
Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans)
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Three years after the events of "Pretty Rhythm: Aurora Dream," Aira, Mion, and Rizumu have grown up and tutor a new group of aspiring idols: Karin, Reina, Mia, and Ayami, who form the Prizmmy☆. Teenage girls from Korea, named Somin, Shiyoon, Haein, Chaekyung, and Jae Eun (who are the PURETTY), appear as a rival group.
Due to the influence of someone who visited her town when she was a child, Princess Mikoto of Elua decides to become a hunter and search for treasure all over the land of Driland. She sets out on her journey with her personal assistant Wallens, but they are soon joined by Pollon, a hunter who dreams of being a hero, and Paan, a wandering knight. As they continue their exploration they begin to sense great danger drawing near.
In 21st century Japan, cars with artificial intelligence for increased safety, known as "A.I. cars," have revolutionized the car industry. Special schools teaching children driving A.I. cars have been established. One day, Kakeru Todoroki, a fifth grader of Arcadia Academy, was summoned by the school principal and given an A.I. car "to save the humanity by chosen drivers like you." The car, however, is not just a car but also a transforming robot known as "Gyrozetter."  (Source: ANN) 
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
Chase Suno and his friends, Jinja and Bren, are on a search for Chase's father, Jeredy Suno. However, they soon become involved in something else upon reaching their father's lab and becoming involved with an organism known as Monsuno. Chase, choosing to side with his father's work, denies S.T.O.R.M. access to the Monsuno and escapes. They are now on the run from the military organization, S.T.O.R.M., while still looking for Chase's father. However, a mysterious organization also has his eyes set on Chase and the group's Monsuno.  (Source: Animeultima) 
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
One year after the fight with the Innovators, a new terrorist organization called the Detectors threatens the world using LBXs. Ban joins up with new and old friends to stop the Detectors. (Source: ANN)
Bakugan is the card game for a new generation. In "Baku TECH" passionate warriors fight each other and risk their life for Bakugan.
In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a dimwitted Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines. However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members: Pink Oomiya. Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world.  (Source: ANN) 
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The story is set 14 years after Atlantia, the largest country in the world of Legendia, was torn apart by riots. The protagonist Tsurugi Tatewaki was secreted away from the chaos at a young age. Oblivious to his true birthplace, Tsurugi grows up as a spirited boy in the neighboring rocky land of Pacifis. One day, Tsurugi suddenly comes across the "Shining Sword," and his great adventure begin. An army of darkness is hunting down the 12 Sword Braves, and as the army pursues Tsurugi, a figure appears before him. Bringer is a Card Battle Droid entrusted with the duty of protecting Tsurugi. Trained by Bringer in the ways of the Battle Spirits combat, Tsurugi joins the other Sword Braves in rising up against the army of darkness with his Key Spirit "Shining Dragon."
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Cooking Idol teaches children how to cook through instruction of the main character, MAIN. The show itself is divided into an animated segment featuring MAIN, and a live-action segment featuring the voice actor of MAIN, Fukuhara Haruka, as she practices the cooking herself. The live-action segment is not included in the avg episode duration.
The anime takes place in Crest Land, where the mysterious B-Crystal has started to go berserk. The main protagonist Godai Kamon lives in the south area of Crest Land, and is an energetic boy who loves B-Daman. However, he lost his all past memories of B-Daman and his family, except for his big sister Aona who lives with him. One day, Kamon meets Galvan, a B-Daman at his local B-Daman shop, B-Junk, and he finds Galvan strangely familiar. Galvan becomes his partner, and he returns to the B-Daman battles once again.  (Source: ANN) 
The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character, a tiny fictional dinosaur, as he interacts with the natural world. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals.  (Source: Wikipedia)
A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business.  (Source: ANN) 
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Emiri Katou and Kaori Fukuhara, the voice actresses best known for playing the Hiiragi twins in Lucky Star, will headline Ad Lib Anime Kenkyūsho (Ad Lib Anime Laboratory), an experimental anime series which will premiere on the satellite channel BS Fuji on October 15. Katou (as "Chief Researcher No. 001"), Fukuhara ("Chief Researcher No. 002"), and a guest star "researcher" will ad lib each weekly episode's script entirely from scratch. Animators will then take the ad-libbed dialogue and create footage based on them — instead of the castmembers voice-acting to existing scripts and footage, as most anime are made. (Source: ANN)
Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series.
This series continues the adventures of Katta Kirifuda, Bucyake and Yohdel throughout the school season. They meet new classmates such as Leo to duel against.  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
Ikeike! Momon-chan is a series of shorts created to promote the Omote Sando upscale shopping center in Tokyo. Each episode typically focuses on the comedic interactions between Momon-chan, the peach girl and Tanu, the tanuki, as they discuss everything from horoscopes, to Christmas, to tools that reference Doraemon, to traditional Japanese New Year’s games, and much much more. 
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
This anime was running almost 20 years and has over 1800 episodes.
One-minute flash shorts based on Tatsunoko Production's classic science-fiction hero series Science Ninja Team Gatchaman aired during the NTV's Zip! television program on mornings. (Source: AniDB)
Mametchi and his friends return to study abroad at Dream Town, a place that supports the dreams of all who live there. At Dream Town, Mametchi meets the aspiring idol singer Yumemitchi, Kiraritchi and other new characters as they all follow their own dreams.  (Source: ANN) 
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, isn't a secret society anymore! In fact, it's a famous society, known by just about every household in Japan there is, because Eagle Talon went nation-wide with golden time on NHK!
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
No synopsis has been added for this series yet. Click here to update this information.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
Paboo is a fun loving and curious boy panda, and he and his group of larger-than-life friends explore and problem-solve in their quirky, imaginative and sometimes zany world! Each episode sees the Mojies (Japanese for letters of the alphabet) and Pappy (the Mojies book fairy of course!) help Paboo to discover the Magic Word and solve the problem of the day! (Source: Nelvana)
Third season of Pururun! Shizuku-chan.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Dawn and Athas find a mysterious sleeping boy, Pandora, who suffers from amnesia after he comes around. When Pandora just arrives at Freewheel Town, he becomes the chasing target of an organization called Ancient Hunter Group, which demands of him to carry out the "Great Mission". Under the attack of Jin and his friends, Ancient Hunter Group is temporarily repelled. With the assistance of Jin and his friends, Pandora gradually gets used to life in this world and his skill on top is much improved.Can Pandora regain his memories? What is his "Great Mission"? The story will tell you...... (Source: Official Youtube Channel)
An anime short series inspired by soft drink company Sapporo Beverage's mascot character Ribbon-chan. The story center on the soda-loving young girl named Ribbon-chan and her pet dog Citron. Note: The series aired on Wednesdays during episodes of the Nori Suta Max television program. (Source: ANN)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
(No synopsis yet.)
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The Sweetsheart Kingdom is a magical world filled with various sweets and pastries, inhabited by animal people who are good patisseries and cooks experting on each dessert. The kingdom's only Princess, Mousse Bibi is soon going to ascend to the throne as the new Queen, however all she cared on her life is to taste various kinds of cakes and sweets. One day, Lyan, her royal adviser, set up a plan by making her suffer Aguesia. As she is shocked that she can no longer taste anything, he told her that the only way to cure her condition is to search for the legendary magic called Delicious Miracle. She immediately left the castle and venture outside, not knowing to her that Lyne is doing this to eradicate her. Upon her arrival at the town called Cake Village, she first met a denizen of the village named Mocha Dennis, who is very obsessed on his looks. Though the meeting between both him and Benetta is unsettling. She is also unaware that she possesses a hidden potential that would help her search for the legendary magic and be the key on changing the fate of the Sweetsheart Kingdom once and for all! (Source: Wikipedia)
The fifth season of Hetalia.
When Fuuka hit her second year of middle school, puberty kicked in. Now she's really tall and has huge boobs. Due to her hairstyle, her classmates call her "Saipu", after the cyclops. Her affection for her older brother was cute when she was a little girl and said she wanted to marry him. Now it just freaks him out, since she's decided she's adult enough to follow through on her childish promises. (Source: MU)
From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. One day, 765 Pro idols Ami and Mami bring in the mysterious Petit-dols "Afuu" and "Yukipo"!? More and more Petit-dols gather at the offices where everyone works. Leisurely enjoy their daily lives full of laughs and happenings.
Yuu and Natsuki met in the hot sun, during that unforgettable summer vacation... Was it a dream, or...? It was a bittersweet love story? (Source: AniDB)
Short animation by Masaki Okuda.
Flash anime shorts that center around a school for mischievous demon toddlers. (Source: AniDB)
The doujin (self-published) creators of the Koutetsu no Vendetta (Iron Vendetta) military robot anime project released a preview DVD at Tokyo's Comic Market 75 convention. The DVD included the unedited versions of the project's pilot film, special supplemental videos, and a collection of key animation drawings. The running times of the pilot and the supplemental video collection are each under five minutes long. Note: The project is on hold due to the dissolution of the production division of its sponsor Ankama Japan. (Source: AniDB)
A short web anime about delinquent hamsters. Hamsters with bad boy haircuts that just do whatever they wanna do.
To Kirino High, the goal of getting into Koshien Stadium becomes important because the 100th anniversary is around the corner. However, Kurokan's unique way of training has upset the Kirino High Baseball Team Support Association and Alumni Club. Morioka, on the other hand, is a preferrable coach beacuse of his solid style. At the same time, Kurokan's decision on player positions has caused confusions to the team. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A collaboration episode between Himitsukessha Taka no Tsume and Glass no Kamen Desu ga meant to promote the latter's official TV anime launch as well as the former's 4th season launch.  In this collaboration two Chancellors appear. Deluxe Fighter then shows up to eliminate both since there can't be a double amount of evil in the world. One Chancellor comes forward to reveal themselves as Ayumi Himekawa acting as the Chancellor. Then Deluxe Fighter unveils themselves as Maya Kitajima. Both women are rivals in the Glass no Kamen franchise and frequently one-up each other acting, which leaves the real Chancellor and Yoshida confused as to why the came to their compound and even more confused that (breaking the 4th wall for self-deprecating humor) DLE will be animating the new Glass no Kamen anime.
An animated promotional/opening video for the iOS/Android game Sword of Phantasia.
Dogs all end up to be a dusty dog. Dogs’ dust consists of pride of themselves and that of you. The film is of the memory, love and gratitude of the dusty dog, and many other dogs, tracing their senses and memories, dedicating to you who gave love to them.  (Source: Official Site)
 A short animation celebrating White Day.
Korean Culture and Information Service, Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism commissioned a Pororo short to promote Korean travel to English speaking youths across the world and to domestic youths to explore their own country. The is the first Pororo work to feature humans. The story is split into 4 chunks for the single episode.
A paper stop-motion commercial for D-Mail, a live-event gift company with roses for anniversaries, cards, picture frames, incense for condolences, etc. With products available to celebrate weddings, births, first day of school ceremonies and graduation.
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
U.C. 0096... The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1. A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move. Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box. What is Laplace's Box? What secret does it contain? The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved. (Source: Official website)
With their school's pool opening the next day, Iria schemes up the idea to hold a swimsuit contest. With Lisara, Mina, Quele, and Iria herself all participating in the event.
After moving into his new apartment, art school student Tatsuhiko Kido discovers a crack in his wall. When he peeks inside, he makes eye contact with his neighbor, Emiru Ikuno, as she masturbates. He rushes next door to clear the misunderstanding and inform her of the crack, but accidentally trips and falls over her in the process. To make matters even worse, Emiru now has photographic evidence that would plainly depict Kido as a sexual offender. Kido then learns that Emiru has a voyeurism fetish, and is blackmailed into leaving the crack as is. Unfortunately for Kido, it doesn't stop here! Emiru is also attending the same art school that he is, and he will be seeing her far more than he would like to. Emiru and Kido are set to embark on a unique friendship with wildly erotic potential. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Unaired 13th episode of the TV series.
Charley, a cyborg vampire who does the Vatican's dirty work, is the thrall of the local vampire playboy Johnny Rayflo. As the two fight crime—and each other—hilarity, violence and sacrilege ensue! But can Charley resist his own desperate cravings for blood? Find out as the devilish duo go up aginst a childlike vampire princess, a mysterious branch of the Unitarian Church...and one another.  (Source: Tokyopop)
An unaired episode of Arcana Famiglia. 
Choosing which high school club to join can be a daunting task. After all, there are only so many hours in the day, not to mention the power struggle between cyborgs and part canine-females. At least, that's the conundrum that Haruki Komaba finds himself trapped in. Airi Kuze is a mechanical science master with a crush on Haruki. Touko Hizuki is a half-dog, half-girl chemical science master who's also fond of Haruki. Unfortunately for Haruki, he accidentally promised to join both clubs and finds himself in the middle of a fierce battle for his membership and, if Airi has anything to say about it, his hand in marriage. As if things weren't complicated enough, Ayana's perverted older sister Touko has decided to intervene on her younger sibling's behalf, bringing her own brand of sexually charged chemical science into the mix. Haruki's going to have a difficult time deciding on a club. If the girls don't end up tearing each other apart first, that is.
An OVA of SKET Dance bundled with the 29th volume of the manga, covering chapters 198, 199, and 200. This is a conclusion of some of the events shown in the last episode of the anime series.
OVA episode bundled with fifth volume of manga.
Code Geass: Soubou no Oz Picture Drama following the lives of two characters from opposite sides of the barricades: Orpheus Zevon—young theorist from KMF searching for the killer of his mistress and Oldrin Zevon—protiteristické member unit of the British Empire "Glindyni knights." Drama quite obviously inspired by the classic story of The Wizard of Oz.
Eishun's busty, tsundere childhood friend, Kiriha, becomes his personal maid. After secretly taking pictures of her in her maid outfit, Eishun ends up getting caught masturbating to them by Kiriha.
Vanquished Queens OVAs depict what happened to various characters who were absent in Queen's Blade: Rebellion and what happened to them after Queen's Blade: Utsukushiki Toushitachi.
Katagiri Kanade is a hikikomori who spent her days lazing off in her room. Her specialty is her broad imagination which often leads to various wild delusions. One night a weird cowboy guy appeared in her dream, saying that he's her heart's hero. Due to his encouragement, Kanade decided to try and go have a haircut the next day. It was then when she met a mysterious guy who cut her hair in the park, giving her courage to resume her school days.  Right after her haircut, a guy approaches Kanade who turns out to be her former classmate, Sudou Yukio. Kanade used to like him back then, and he was happy to meet her again. Kanade lives with her non blood-related brother, Sonomura Ikuto. Despite Ikuto's warning, Kanade went looking for the mysterious guy who cut her hair the next day. She found him in the park, where he introduced himself as Hasui Tomoomi. He's a professional hairdresser and owns a salon named Azalea nearby. Since Kanade was absent from school for so long, her homeroom teacher, Konno Chihiro, offered to help her with her studies.  Having these guys around her, what will happen to Kanade's life from now on?  (Source: Love-Coloured Sky) 
Saiki Yasuo is a 45-year-old office worker. After 20 years of marriage, his wife asked for a divorce and left him. Now, depressed, he spends the nights drinking alone, until one night a girl from the St. Marian Academy approaches him looking for a client. *Based on a doujin game by Orcsoft. (Source: VNDB)
After a tumultuous summer vacation, Shuuichi begins the second school term while under the constant love assault from Ai and Mio. One day the tennis club leader Reiko announced that they will participate in the school festival at the end of the month, which they decided to run a cosplay cafe after much wrangling. Afterwards, she decided that she wanted to run as a candidate for next term's student council. That wasn’t the end of his tumultuous days as a transfer student suddenly appeared in his class... (Source: AniDB)
Based on chapter 6 (Love-Hate-Really Love) of the manga Ane-Koi by Yuzuki N'.
Bundled with Hiiro no Kakera Taizen, a comprehensive illustration book on the six-year history of Idea Factory's Hiiro no Kakera romance game franchise, the OVA reveals the private lives of the five main characters.
Based on the erotic game by Syrup: Honey Sweet.
Based on the manga by Fukudahda. Asoka Madoka is invited to karaoke by her friends where she is introduced to Miyamoto who she happens to know from before. The two other girls depart with two other boys. Then, Asoka and Miyamota make out, rent a love hotel, and do what needs to be done. Ai-chan is a girl who happens to be into a smell fetish who likes Namikawa. After school, when there is no one around, the two of them have some fun.
Based on the erotic game by Guilty eX. Tanabe Yoshiyuki disappeared and it was discovered he was bullied in school. Nagisa, Yoshiyuki's cousin, decided to dress up as a male in order to find out what happened to him and to exact revenge on those responsible for the bullying. (Source: HentaiTake)
Based on the erotic game by Orcsoft. Ever since Ayako's husband died, Akito took it upon himself to guard her as his cousin. However, he suddenly realized that this situation can lead to something even more intimate... Will his virginity be in trouble? (Source: HentaiTake)
With the help from a mysterious creature, Elena turned herself into a magical girl to beat Zoid, a tentacle monster to save her sister, Emile. Since that day, to protect her sister and to keep peace on the earth, Elena started to fight against the ugly creatures as a magical girl! However, what awaited her is a harsh destiny: immoral days of naughty humiliations. And her battle eventually involves her sister and her dead mother. Can Elena exterminate the tentacle monster, or is she driven crazy and lost her reason by the ecstasy? (Source: DLsite)
Based on the erotic game Zoku Hitou Meguri by Riddle Soft. Mao, who has a secret crush on Mikio, makes up her mind and invites him to go on a trip. The invitation gets accepted, and at the thought of the trip just for the two she feels elated. Mikio falls asleep right after installing himself in a seat opposite Mao in the train, helplessly spoiling the sport. She expands her expectations looking forward to upcoming events, though his seeming lack of interest dampens her ardor a bit. Despite her hopeful view, however, it turns out that her passion for Mikio only ends up arousing the sexual desire of a man that appears unexpectedly... (Source hentaistream.com)
Blu-ray disc bundled with the fourth volume of the manga.
Mishiro Tamanashi can see the spiritual being called Sanshishi. Ever since he met this entity, his life has changed.
Every month, one random girl becomes a comfort station as students and staff from around the school use the comfort station for pleasure.
Asuka has been having internet sex with her childhood friend, Ryou, but is bothered by the fact that he hasn't noticed that it's her, until he unknowingly confesses to her.
Unaired anime bundled with the limited edition of the 9th volume of the manga.
This is a story about Sayaka and Masaharu, college juniors, who are about to get married together. Everyone knows Sayaka to be a conservative woman and is saving sex for after marriage. However, Kaneko-senpai, considered to be a reliable senior by Masaharu, has other plans to change Kudou’s mindset. He finally gets his chance after Masaharu cancels due to work and he takes it. Will Kaneko succeed in his evil deeds to turn Kudou Sayaka from a conservative woman into a horny slut? (Source: hentaianimedownloads)
It's a new century and men have lost their sexual desires thus decreasing the number of marriages and births. In order to repopulate the world, the government decided to start a program to improve men's sex lives. Sex idols, girls who can sing, dance, and have sex with innumerable men, are now in need to help improve the stagnant society. (Source: HentaiTake)
Based on the visual novel by Overdrive.  The what-if story reunites the Second Literature Club Band members Kirari, Chie, Shikanosuke, and Sarina, several months after the concert in the d2b vs Deardrops ~Cross the Future~ fan disk.  (Source: ANN) 
Based on the same name gag yonkoma manga by Tenho Iwatani.
A video produced for middle and high school students showcasing the role of CPAs and the importance of audits. The anime aims to make accounting an attractive occupation.
For young witches everywhere, the world-renowned witch Shiny Chariot reigns as the most revered and celebrated role model. But as the girls age, so do their opinions of her—now just the mention of Chariot would get a witch labeled a child. However, undeterred in her blind admiration for Chariot, ordinary girl Atsuko Kagari enrolls into Luna Nova Magical Academy, hoping to someday become just as mesmerizing as her idol. However, the witch academy isn't all the fun and games Atsuko thought it would be: boring lectures, strict teachers, and students who mock Chariot plague the campus. Coupled with her own ineptness in magic, she's seen as little more than a rebel student. But when a chance finally presents itself to prove herself to her peers and teachers, she takes it, and now it's up to her to stop a rampaging dragon before it flattens the entire academy.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two men have just arrived at a location known as Quindecim and are unable to remember how they got there. They are immediately greeted by a young woman who escorts them to a small bar, where a bartender awaits them. They are told that they will have to participate in a game, randomly chosen by roulette, and will be unable to leave until its completion; if they refuse, the consequences will be dire. In addition to the rules of the game, the two men are told to play as if their lives are at stake.  The game that has been chosen is billiards. But there's more to it than just pocketing pool balls, as the two are about to find out the outcome could mean life or death. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Band of the Hawk has dwindled in the year since Guts left them on his journey to forge his own destiny. Unaware of their fate, Guts returns to the Hawks—now being led by his former ally Casca—after a rumor about them passes his way. Once the saviors of the kingdom of Midland, the Band of the Hawk are now hunted as they desperately fight for their lives while plotting to free their leader, Griffith, after he was imprisoned for committing treason. But the man they save is far from the Griffith they remember. Griffith is a shell of his former charismatic self after a year of continuous, horrific torture. No longer able to walk, speak, or even hold a sword, he has nothing but the small, strange trinket, the Crimson Behelit, that will not leave him. The entire Band of the Hawk want to rise to greatness once more, but how much are they willing to sacrifice to return to their past glory? It doesn't seem possible, but when Griffith's heart darkens and a solar eclipse blackens the sky, the Behelit offers a choice that will leave the Band of the Hawk with a blood-soaked fate that will haunt them for the rest of their days. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Dragon Ball Z Movie 14: Kami to Kami brings Gokuu, Vegeta, Piccolo and your other favorite characters back for a new revitalization of the Dragon Ball universe. Enter Beerus, the God of Destruction. Having awoken from his slumber, Beerus seeks to find an opponent worthy of challenging his power. After being shocked to learn that Frieza has been defeated by a Saiyan, Beerus sets out to analyze the legend of the Super Saiyan God in order to find his ultimate opponent. His destination: Earth, home to the few survivors of the Saiyan race. And if a Super Saiyan God is not there, the Earth's destruction will just have to do as entertainment. How will Gokuu and friends fare against a god that is even feared among the other gods?
In the scientifically advanced Academy City, a miracle is about to occur: the completion of the world's first space elevator, "Endymion." Meanwhile, a certain high school student, Touma Kamijou, and his companion Index are going about their daily lives when they encounter and befriend Arisa Meigo, a cheerful and ambitious singer. When strange occurrences begin taking place throughout the city, they lead to the discovery of an intricate plot surrounding Arisa and Endymion. Things only get more complicated when the Stiyl Magnus appears, signifying that the magical world is somehow involved too... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kurapika became a Hunter to take vengeance on the Class-A crime group Phantom Troupe who massacred his clan for their unique eyes. The eyes of the Kurta clan turn scarlet in times of anger or emotional agitation and are considered the most beautiful treasures in the world. Kurapika continues to pursue the Phantom Troupe but an unknown party has stolen his "scarlet eyes". With the help of Gon, Killua and Leorio, Kurapika' s life was saved. However, the Phantom Troupe shows up before them and blocks their way. The true identity of the one with the No.4 spider tattoo is about to be unveiled.  (Source: Hunterpedia)
Ohana has grown accustomed to living in the hot springs inn her grandmother manages, Kissuisou. One day, the daughter of a manager for Kissuisou's rival inn, Yuina, comes to Kissuisou for training to become a landlady herself. As Ohana is observing her training, she finds "a certain item" in the storeroom while cleaning. (Source: ultimatemegax)
The stage is set at near a future. Okamura Aya, also known as "Aachan," started to live by herself as she started a new job after graduation. Her mother needed to go overseas to work as a doctor, so now only her father and a cat, Mii-san, live in a Proud apartment. Since Aachan moved out, her father has been trying to reach out to her, but somehow, there is an awkward gap between the two. And the cat Mii-san, which Aachan has kept since she was a child, is getting old... One night, Aachan came back from a tiring day and threw herself on the bed. She closed her eyes and remembered the happy days she spent with her parents and when Mii-san came to comfort her when she got lonely after her mother left... And then the phone rang...
A cyber battle sci-fi. In 2022, the technology of quantum computing has greatly advanced and many people have transferred their mind into cyber space. Remu's sister, Shiki, skipped grades and entered a high school in the academic city "Okinotori-island Mega Float City (OMFC)" when she was 14. One day, Shiki confessed to her brother via Skype that she was talking to him directly from the cyber space and that her real body had been kept in a water tank filled with a culture medium. It's called "body pool" and Shiki connected to the network by nanomachines implanted in her brain. Remu was surprised but he accepted her decision until an accident called "Early Rupture" happened. The network server got overloaded and users' minds were lost in cyber space leaving soulless living bodies in the body pools. In order to bring Shiki's mind back, Remu visits her apartment in OMFC and there meets Shiki escaped from the hospital. But the girl tells him that she is not Shiki and she happened to have taken over Shiki's body. When Remu tries to figure out the situation, a violent attack strikes the apartment.
Ryo is about the son of a samurai who lost his parents during the attack of English ships on a Japanese town who is given the name Ryo and becomes the bodyguard of Ryoma Sakamoto, a man who has his own plan to fight for the country. (Source: ANN)
Star Driver takes place on the fictional Southern Cross Isle. One night, a boy named Takuto washes up on shore swimming from the mainland. He later enrolls in Southern Cross High School as a freshman and makes new friends.  (Source: Official website) 
One day, the Pretty Cures receive an invitation to a party in their honor. Everyone is heading to the party venue, the school of fairies, but awaits a mysterious shadow. The shadow steals transformation objects! What can they do? If the Cures can not be converted are in big trouble! If this continues, the school, our world and everything else will deborado by that shadow! The 32 Pretty Cures will fight to protect everyone! (Source: Wikipedia)
On a normal afternoon, Doraemon's bell was stolen by Kaito Deluxe, a thief from the 22nd Century. Determined to get it back, Nobita and co. decides to pursue him and take back the bell that is hidden inside the 22nd Century's Secret Gadget Museum. (Source: ANN)
An animated biographical film about the life of Takae Tsuneo, who was dealt a heavy blow when he lost both of his arms but worked to help other people with disabilities. At the age of seventeen, Tsuneo is electrocuted during his job installing power lines and has both of his arms amputated. However, he decides to devote his life to poetry and literature, and begins to practice writing by holding a pen with his mouth. He eventually gets a job as a newspaper reporter, and turns his attention to other people dealing with disabilities. (Source: Japanese Film Database)
Movie for the Shimajirou children's series.
Pororo and the gang entry a sleigh racing contest after getting guidance under a 'champion'. Turns out the champion was a liar and now the gang has to fight tooth and nail to win first place in order to keep their pride after talking big.
When a girl named Rainie runs away from home after her mom forgot about her birthday, she is magically transported from the big city to an enchanted jungle in an unfamiliar land where she meets Blue. With the help of Blue's grandfather and their newfound friend Mulla, they embark on an epic adventure to help Blue become the leader he is destined to be and save the rainforest from the villainous Boss Cain.  (Source: Wikipedia)
In the face of impending disaster, the animal world is looking to the Mythical Ark for salvation. The problem is that only the snake tribe can operate the ark, and the snakes have already escaped to Utopia. To save the animals, Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf travel to Utopia to convince the snakes to help. In the process, they become friends, and the snakes agree to help. However, Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf decide to stay behind to save their homes.  (Source: YesAsia)
"Koukou" is a work of abstract animation synchronized with a callisthenic song comprised of the unique syllabic sounds of the Japanese language, without actually using any full words.
Episode 22.5 bundled with BD/DVD volume 8. The episode covers Kuroko's past, when he was part of the "Generation of Miracles." 
This special is showing a day of Eclair's life as a prologue to the movie Houou no Miko.
Mini episodes bundled with Blu-rays and DVDs.
Specials that were initially broadcasted as CMs starting in January 2013 and later included in BD/DVD volumes.
Unaired 13th episode released on the 7th DVD/BD.
Episodes 1-3 focus on Dera welcoming ladies to his bar. Episodes 4-6 focus on Choi-chan.
A recap of episodes 1-9 of Maoyuu Maou Yuusha. 
Special, unaired, episodes released with the Senran Kagura BD/DVDs.
The final 4 episodes of Saki: Achiga-hen - Episode of Side-A.
Kyoto Animation commercial that aired during episode 10 of Tamako Market.
Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team - Battle in Three Dimensions is a short film bundled with Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team Blu-ray Memorial Box-set. The 08th M.S. Team travels through the jungle while on a mission, Shiro Amada checks his map and stops when he spots a long bridge up ahead that spans a wide river, when they are attacked by a group of Zeon.. (Source: Gundam Wiki)
Specials included on the Vanquished Queens Blu-rays/DVDs.
A short recap included in the Blu-ray volume of Nekomonogatari: Kuro.
This story is about the dog named Chocotan who has the ability to speak with humans in the human language. Nao, her owner, likes a guy named Arima. Arima has a dog named Hatsupi. On Hatsupi's birthday, Nao makes biscuits that are edible for both dogs and humans. Nao and Chocotan bump into Arima and Hatsupi on the sidewalk and Nao runs away before she can summon the courage to give the biscuits to Arima. Chocotan encourages Nao and she makes up her mind to go back and give the biscuits to Arima. Now then, will she be able to approach Arima while she's not even able to talk casually to him? And how about Chocotan's secret? - The Story about the talking dog and her Owner's clumsy-love-story! (Source: Huffy Parfait Scans)
Promotion video for Naruto Kiriyama's light novel Yonhyakunijuu Renpai Girl, commissioned by Enterbrain after Kiriyama won the 14th Entertainment Awards Grand Prize (Entame Taishou) from the publisher's light novel department.
Extra episodes of bundled with Blu-rays and DVDs and the limited edition 5th manga volume.
A bonus episode aired on Tokyo MX a week after episode 12. Asakura asks why they're still there when the anime was supposed to end last week.
Episode 13 that was included on the Blu-ray.
A short episode bundled in Vol.6 of the BD/DVDs.
"Hana wa Saku" is a song written by Shunji Iwai and Yoko Kanno to support NHK's reconstruction efforts in the areas hardest hit by the 2011 Great Eastern Japan Earthquake. An animated music video was created in commemoration of the two-year anniversary of the disaster and broadcast on NHK G.
Short picture drama specials included with the BD release of the film.
Director Wataru Uekusa's work for NHK's Educational Television channel. The Techne Tri corner teaches watchers certain features of animation, this video was a part of his rotoscoping lesson.
While Rantarou and Fushikizou are out running an errand, Fushikizou happens to spot a mysterious woman who's being chased by some of the Tasogaredoki Castle ninjas. It turns out the woman is actually the disguised leader of the Dokutake Castle ninjas, Hieta Happousai, and the entire Ninjutsu Academy ends up getting involved in the events. 
Recap of the first ten episodes of True Tears, included on the Blu-ray Box volume.
Nikoli-chan is a curious and a crybaby. She explores the places surrounding her home but if she doesn't get her way she throws a tantrum.
Released two days before the Chinese New Year, the feature itself covers the topic of the New Year where Logger Vick wants to go back to his hometown to visit family. But a first class ticket on the train home is something he cannot afford. Briar and Bramble decide to help him out.
