No Game No Life is a surreal comedy that follows Sora and Shiro, shut-in NEET siblings and the online gamer duo behind the legendary username "Blank." They view the real world as just another lousy game; however, a strange e-mail challenging them to a chess match changes everything—the brother and sister are plunged into an otherworldly realm where they meet Tet, the God of Games. The mysterious god welcomes Sora and Shiro to Disboard, a world where all forms of conflict—from petty squabbles to the fate of whole countries—are settled not through war, but by way of high-stake games. This system works thanks to a fundamental rule wherein each party must wager something they deem to be of equal value to the other party's wager. In this strange land where the very idea of humanity is reduced to child's play, the indifferent genius gamer duo of Sora and Shiro have finally found a real reason to keep playing games: to unite the sixteen races of Disboard, defeat Tet, and become the gods of this new, gaming-is-everything world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Inspired after watching a volleyball ace nicknamed "Little Giant" in action, small-statured Shouyou Hinata revives the volleyball club at his middle school. The newly-formed team even makes it to a tournament; however, their first match turns out to be their last when they are brutally squashed by the "King of the Court," Tobio Kageyama. Hinata vows to surpass Kageyama, and so after graduating from middle school, he joins Karasuno High School's volleyball team—only to find that his sworn rival, Kageyama, is now his teammate. Thanks to his short height, Hinata struggles to find his role on the team, even with his superior jumping power. Surprisingly, Kageyama has his own problems that only Hinata can help with, and learning to work together appears to be the only way for the team to be successful. Based on Haruichi Furudate's popular shounen manga of the same name, Haikyuu!! is an exhilarating and emotional sports comedy following two determined athletes as they attempt to patch a heated rivalry in order to make their high school volleyball team the best in Japan. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the year 2021, a parasitic virus known as "Gastrea" infects humans and turns them into monsters. What is left of mankind now lives within the Monolith walls, walls that are made of Varanium, the only material that can hurt Gastrea. To counter the threat that the Gastrea pose, "Cursed Children"—female children whose bodies contain trace amounts of the virus which grant them superhuman abilities—officially called Initiators by the Tendo Civil Security, are given partners called Promoters, people who work to guide and protect the young Initiators. These teams of two are sent out on missions to fight the monsters created by the Gastrea virus and keep them at bay.  Black Bullet revolves around the team of Enju Aihara, an Initiator, and Satomi Rentaro, a Promoter, as they go on missions to fight the growing threat of Gastrea in their hometown of Tokyo. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the dawn of the 21st century, magic, long thought to be folklore and fairy tales, has become a systematized technology and is taught as a technical skill. In First High School, the institution for magicians, students are segregated into two groups based on their entrance exam scores: "Blooms," those who receive high scores, are assigned to the First Course, while "Weeds" are reserve students assigned to the Second Course. Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei follows the siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, who are enrolled in First High School. Upon taking the exam, the prodigious Miyuki is placed in the First Course, while Tatsuya is relegated to the Second Course. Though his practical test scores and status as a "Weed" show him to be magically inept, he possesses extraordinary technical knowledge, physical combat capabilities, and unique magic techniques—making Tatsuya the irregular at a magical high school. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gray Fullbuster's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers. More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shido Itsuka, who used to be a normal high school student at Raizen High, meets the first Spirit, Tohka, and awakens his power to "seal the Spirit's power". Though they may be feared and hated beings due to their immense power, Spirits were always alone and knew only combat and death. Shido, the only one in the world with the power to seal the Spirits' might, hurls himself into life-threatening dates with the beautiful Spirits in order to save them. (Source: ANN)
Years after an ancient evil was salvaged from the depths of the sea, Joutarou Kuujou sits peacefully within a Japanese jail cell. He's committed no crime yet demands he not be released, believing he's been possessed by an evil spirit capable of harming those around him. Concerned for her son, Holly Kuujou asks her father, Joseph Joestar, to convince Joutarou to leave the prison. Joseph informs his grandson that the "evil spirit" is in fact something called a "Stand," the physical manifestation of one's fighting spirit which can adopt a variety of deadly forms. After a fiery brawl with Joseph's friend Mohammed Avdol, Joutarou is forced out of his cell and begins learning how to control the power of his Stand. However, when a Stand awakens within Holly and threatens to consume her in 50 days, Joutarou, his grandfather, and their allies must seek out and destroy the immortal vampire responsible for her condition. They must travel halfway across the world to Cairo, Egypt and along the way, do battle with ferocious Stand users set on thwarting them. If Joutarou and his allies fail in their mission, humanity is destined for a grim fate. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On the hot summer day of August 14, Shintarou Kisaragi is forced to leave his room for the first time in two years. While arguing with the cyber girl Ene who lives in his computer, Shintarou Kisaragi accidentally spills soda all over his keyboard. Though they try to find a replacement online, most stores are closed due to the Obon festival, leaving them with no other choice but to visit the local department store. Venturing outside makes Shintarou extremely anxious, but the thought of living without his computer is even worse. It's just his luck that on the day he finally goes out, he's caught in a terrifying hostage situation. Luckily, a group of teenagers with mysterious eye powers, who call themselves the "Mekakushi Dan," assist Shintarou in resolving the situation. As a result, he is forced to join their group, along with Ene. Their abilities seem to be like pieces of a puzzle, connecting one another, and as each member's past is unveiled, the secret that ties them together is slowly brought to light. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For 500 years, the Taboo Emperor, Arthur Gaz, ruled the Gaz Empire with an iron fist and conducted inhumane experiments on his own people. But his reign came to an end five years ago, when mighty warriors—later known as the Eight Heroes—defeated him in a battle for the capital. His death ended the 300-yearlong war between the Gaz Empire and the alliance of six nations. In the present day, Tooru Acura is a former saboteur from the war who has difficulty settling into the peaceful world, as he cannot find a job where he can put his fighting skills to use. An opportunity appears before him, however, when he meets a white-haired Wizard named Chaika Trabant. With a coffin on her back, she is searching for the scattered remains of her father in order to give him a proper burial, and she hires Tooru and his adoptive sister Akari to help her. However, the six nations alliance, which have now formed the Council of Six Nations, dispatches Albéric Gillette and his men from the Kleeman Agency to pursue and apprehend the late Emperor Gaz's daughter—Chaika. With the shocking revelation of Chaika's identity, the Acura siblings must choose between helping her gather the remains of the tyrannical emperor and upholding the peace the continent strives to maintain. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kazunari Usa is a high school freshman who will start living alone due to his parents now working in a different area. Excited for his new independent life, he hopes to go about his teenage days without the worry of dealing with any strange people, but as he soon discovers, his new boarding house Kawai Complex is far from ordinary. The various tenants at Kawai Complex are all quite eccentric characters. Shirosaki, Kazunari's roommate, is a pervert and masochist; Mayumi Nishikino, a borderline alcoholic office lady, hates couples because of her unfortunate luck with men; and Sayaka Watanabe, a seemingly innocent college student, enjoys leading men on. Shocked with the lack of decent individuals at his new residence, Kazunari is about to leave when he runs into shy senior student Ritsu Kawai and finds himself slowly falling in love with her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ten years ago, Ryouta Murakami set out with his best friend Kuroneko to find proof of alien life. A tragic accident occurred, killing Kuroneko and injuring Ryouta. In honor of Kuroneko's memory, Ryouta now searches the night sky for alien signs, determined to prove that his friend had been right, and that aliens really do exist. Then one day, a new transfer student comes to his class and shatters everything he believes: her name is Kuroha Neko, and she looks exactly like the deceased Kuroneko. Kuroha denies being Ryouta's friend, but there’s something strange about her. She somehow aced a difficult test to transfer in, but doesn't know her multiplication tables. She possesses inhuman strength and strange abilities. And strangest of all, she predicts death. After Kuroha displays supernatural strength in saving his life, Ryouta becomes a part of Kuroha's life, learning about her past and the hidden forces that exist in the universe. As he sinks more and more into a world of artificially created witches and magic, Ryouta must allow his scientific mind to accept that Kuroha has a very real power - the kind of power some forces will stop at nothing to get a hold of.
Sixteen-year-old Yuuki Hase finally finds the courage to speak to his crush and ask her if she wants to become friends. The object of his affection, Kaori Fujimiya, is a quiet and reserved girl who cuts herself off from everyone and does not spare him the same blunt rejection she gives everybody else. Some time after, Yuuki finds her eating lunch on the roof where she secludes herself during break. He decides to start meeting with Kaori every day in the hopes of beginning to understand her better. The more time they spend together, the more she begins to open up to him. However, nearing the end of the week, she starts to push him away once more. It is then revealed to him the reason for Kaori's cold front: at the end of the week, her memories of those close to her, excluding her family, are forgotten, as they are reset every Monday. The result of an accident in middle school, the once popular and kind Kaori is now unable to make friends in fear of hurting the people dear to her. Determined to become more than just one week friends, Yuuki asks her the exact same question each Monday: "Would you like to be friends?" Because he knows that deep down, Kaori wishes for that more than anything. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tokaku Azuma has just transferred to the elite Myoujou Academy, a private girls' boarding school. But there's a catch: she, along with 11 of her fellow students in Class Black, is an assassin taking part in the challenge to kill their sweet-natured classmate, Haru Ichinose. Whoever succeeds will be granted their deepest desire, no matter the difficulty or cost. However, each assassin only gets one chance; if they fail to kill her, they will be expelled. Despite the extraordinary reward, Tokaku decides to take a different course of action. Though Haru is her target, the young assassin soon finds herself drawn to the very girl she is supposed to kill. With the entire class out for Haru, Tokaku refuses to let her friend die, vowing to protect her from a growing bloodlust. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"The hero comes. The hero comes. The hero comes. Chant these words in your mind, and I'll surely come to you..." This mantra is what Makoto Tsukimoto repeats as a source of motivation when he fights through the stress of not only grueling ping pong matches, but also in situations of his life. Makoto doesn't fight alone; he and his friend, Yukata Hoshino, nicknamed Smile and Peco respectively, are two boys who have grown up playing ping pong together nearly every day. Peco, brimming with confidence, aims to be the best table tennis player in the world; Smile, on the other hand, shows little ambition. Nevertheless, the two have always stuck together, with a bond built upon their mutual love for this sport. Every year, students from all across Japan gather for the inter-high table tennis competition to achieve national and international stardom. Through intense training and competition, only the very best persevere. From the avant-garde director of Tatami Galaxy, Masaaki Yuasa, Ping Pong The Animation serves a tale of ambition with its fair share of bumps along the way. Whatever the odds, Peco and Smile will face them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story depicts the work-life of a perverted mangaka, Aito Yuuki, and his assistant, Ashisu Sahoto. Constantly pressured by his editor and lacking experience with girls, Aito asks Ashisu to act as a reference. (Source: AniDB)
In the Sun Kingdom, sunshine is part of its citizens' everyday lives, and rain is something that they have never even heard of. However, in a faraway land called the Rain Dukedom, the weather is reversed, and everybody has the power to create rain with their voices. Livius Ifrikia has conquered the entire world and expanded the Sun Kingdom's influence in the three short years since he was crowned king. Upon learning about the powers to create rain, Livius decides to marry Nike Remercier, one of the princesses of the Rain Dukedom. However, those outside the Sun Kingdom have spread a rumor that Livius is a cruel, ruthless, and tyrannical ruler, and as word reaches the princess, she begins to prepare herself for the worst. But when she finally meets her fiancé, Nike discovers that he is an entirely different person from what she originally expected. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Perceived as strange and feared by man, over time the misshapen ones came to be known as Mushi. Although they harbor no ill intentions towards humans, many suffer from the side effects of their existence and strange nature; exploiting the Mushi without understanding them, even unintentionally, can lead to disaster and strife for any involved. Mushishi Zoku Shou continues the story of Mushishi Ginko on his journey to help the visible world to coexist with the Mushi. During his travels, Ginko discovers various gifted individuals—those cursed by circumstance and those maintaining a fragile symbiosis with the Mushi—inevitably confronting the question of whether humanity, talented and tortured alike, can manage the responsibility of the unseen. Moreover, as a Mushishi, Ginko must learn more about these strange beings and decide if he has the right to interfere with the complex relationships between Mushi and mankind. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After destroying Earth many years ago, the alien race Gauna has been pursuing the remnants of humanity—which, having narrowly escaped, fled across the galaxy in a number of giant seed ships. In the year 3394, Nagate Tanikaze surfaces from his lifelong seclusion deep beneath the seed ship Sidonia in search of food on the upper levels, only to find himself dragged into events unfolding without his knowledge. When the Gauna begin their assault on Sidonia, it's up to Tanikaze—with the help of his fellow soldiers and friends Shizuka Hoshijiro, Izana Shinatose, and Yuhata Midorikawa—to defend humanity's last hope for survival, and defeat their alien foes. Sidonia no Kishi follows Tanikaze as he discovers the world that has been above him his entire life, and becomes the hero Sidonia needs. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Otonokizaka High School has been saved! Despite having to withdraw from the Love Live!, the efforts of μ's were able to garner enough interest in their school to prevent it from being shut down. What more, following the conclusion of the first, a second Love Live! is announced, this time on an even larger stage than before. Given a chance for redemption, the nine girls come together once more to sing their hearts out and claim victory.  However, with the end of the school year approaching, the graduation of the third years draws near. As they attempt to reach the top of the Love Live!, they must also consider their future and choose what path the group will take. Though the question of whether to continue without the third years or disband weighs heavily on the minds of its members, μ's must quickly come to an answer with graduation right around the corner.  Love Live! School Idol Project 2nd Season continues the story of the girls as they laugh, cry, sing, and dance in their journey to determine the future of their group and conquer the Love Live! in their last chance to win with all nine girls together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nanae Island is a man-made island in the Pacific Ocean that holds everything necessary for the proper education and training of children. It was created by the Great Seven, a group of adventurers headed by Nanana Ryuugajou, as a place for the young to chase their dreams. After being disowned and exiled by his family, high school student Juugo Yama arrives on this island, happy to finally be free of his father. Upon moving into his new room, he discovers the ghost of Nanana Ryuugajou, bound to the island after her unsolved murder 10 years ago. Nanana tells Juugo that, just before her death, she hid items with unique and mysterious powers all across the island—items known as the Nanana Collection. Hoping to uncover clues that will help him find the culprit behind her death, Juugo, with the help of self-proclaimed "Master Detective" Tensai Ikkyuu and her cross-dressing maid Daruku Hoshino, sets out on his search. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kokoa Hoto is a positive and energetic girl who becomes friends with anyone in just three seconds. After moving in with the Kafuu family in order to attend high school away from home, she immediately befriends the shy and precocious granddaughter of Rabbit House cafe's founder, Chino Kafuu, who is often seen with the talking rabbit, Tippy, on her head. After beginning to work as a waitress in return for room and board, Kokoa also befriends another part-timer, Rize Tedeza, who has unusual behavior and significant physical capabilities due to her military upbringing; Chiya Ujimatsu, a waitress from a rival cafe who does everything at her own pace; and Sharo Kirima, another waitress at a different cafe who has the air of a noblewoman despite being impoverished. With fluffy silliness and caffeinated fun, Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka? is a heartwarming comedy about five young waitresses and their amusing adventures in the town they call home. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Learning to ride and tame dragons comes easy to most students at Ansarivan Dragonar Academy—except for first-year student Ash Blake, who is known by his fellow classmates as the "number one problem child." Poor Ash is the laughing stock at school because, despite his unfashionably large star-shaped brand that marks him as a future dragon master, he has nothing to show for it. His dragon has never appeared. Until now, that is. One fateful day, Ash's dragon awakes in full glory, but appears different than any dragon ever seen before—in the form of a beautiful girl! What's worse, Ash soon discovers that this new dragon has attitude to spare, as she promptly informs him that she is the master, and he, the servant. Ash's problems with dragon riding have only just begun. (Source: ANN)
Soul Eater NOT! is a spin-off and side story that takes place one year prior to the events of the original Soul Eater. At the Death Weapon Meister Academy, humans born with the power to transform into weapons and those with the power to wield these weapons (Meisters) train to hone their natural talent. The characters of the main series are enrolled in the Especially Advantaged Talent class, where they train to become warriors of justice capable of defeating what threats prey on innocent lives—or even the entire world. Other students at the DWMA are less talented. Members of the Normally Overcome Target class focus less on being warriors of justice and more on controlling their powers so they don't hurt themselves or anyone around them. Tsugumi Harudori, a new halberd-transforming student, meets Meisters Meme Tatane and Anya Hepburn and quickly grows indecisive about which of the two new friends should be her partner. As they learn to use these powers and settle in, their lives as everyday students will be far from normal.
Hatate Souta is a high school boy, who has an ability to visualize "flags" for future events such as "death flag," "friendship flag," and "romance flag." Despite the flag-viewing ability, he avoids making friends with others due to a trauma he experienced in a ship submergence accident. Twelve beautiful girls get interested in his strange way of living, and they begin to live with him at the school dorm. 
Things are not always what they seem. This is especially true for Ruuko Kominato, when she receives a deck of cards for the popular card game WIXOSS, only to find a girl trapped inside her LRIG, or avatar card. Upon meeting others in the same situation, Ruuko discovers that she has now become a "Selector," a player in a special version of WIXOSS where girls can battle each other for a chance to have their deepest desires come true. However, there is a catch. In contrast to the glory that awaits them after their victories, there is a cruel fate: if they lose three times, their lives will be destroyed. In an ominous game filled with lies and deceit, Ruuko and her newfound friends must uncover the secrets behind WIXOSS and realize what is truly most important to them before it is too late. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Alka is an assassin for the Clan of the Sword. She's on a journey to find the woman Jin Valel, who killed her master Hon without feeling—not unlike how Alka has learned to kill in her work as an assassin. On her journey, Alka encounters three strange women, each a great warrior in her own right and grapples with her slain master's wish that she leaves the life of an assassin behind. (Source: ANN) 
Diligent and methodical honor student Eiichirou Maruo decides to exercise more during the little free time he has available because he is worried about his health. For this reason, after seeing a flyer, he joins the Southern Tennis Club at the beginning of his freshman year. During his free trial at the club, he meets Natsu Takasaki, another first year student, who is determined on becoming a professional tennis player due to her love for the sport. In contrast, Eiichirou's study-oriented life exists because he believes that it is what he has to do, not because he enjoys it. However, his monotonous days come to an end as the more he plays tennis, the more he becomes fascinated by it. Baby Steps is the story of a boy who makes the most of his hard-working and perfectionist nature to develop his own unique playing style. Little by little, Eiichirou's skills begin to improve, and he hopes to stand on equal footing with tennis' best players. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yui Kusanagi, normal human girl, was suddenly transported to another world for a very special mission: to show the young gods of the divine realm what it means to be human. Over the years, these handsome young gods have lost their ability to empathize with or interact with humans. Anyone would be happy to be surrounded by such dizzyingly good-looking people, but the problem is, she only has one year to complete her mission, and if she fails, all of them will be stuck in this realm forever. With many of the gods showing great reluctance to even participate in the compassion project, Yui faces an uphill battle. Will she be able to convince them all to learn a lesson in humanity or will they all be stuck together for the rest of their lives?
Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.
In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war between the Kingdom of Krisna and the nation of Athens is brimming. The people of this land are able to use quartz for whatever purpose they desire. Yet one person, Rygart Arrow, is not. He is an "un-sorcerer," a person unable to use quartz. But this characteristic will enable him to pilot an ancient Golem, one strong enough to put up a fight against the invading army of Athens.
One night, right before summer vacation, Manatsu Daichi, a second-year in high school, sees a weird round rainbow floating in the sky above Tanegashima and ventures there alone. He has seen this rainbow before. With the memories of his father's mysterious death and an encounter of a strange boy and girl, Daiji arrives on the island while the alarm of a building labeled Earth Engine is going off. Someone asks him if he is a captain, just as robotic intruders from Uranus called Kill-T-Gang arrive. The battle around the shining stars is about to begin. (Source: ANN)
Yachiyo Inugami, a cat-loving extrovert, and Suzu Nekoyama, a dog-loving introvert, are unexpectedly cast into a relationship on a day like any other. The pair find themselves drawn together through an inexplicable attraction of their opposite personalities. As they quickly begin to understand one another, Inugami's hardened resolve to gain Nekoyama's favor only leads to frenzied responses. Soon after their momentous union, the two begin to spend more time with one another, growing closer all the while.  Their combined antics gain the attention of the mousy Mikine Nezu, a classmate of Inugami, and soon they join the "biology" club. There, they meet Ushikawa Ukiji, a passive, cow-like upperclassmen. Nezu and Nekoyama soon begin to build upon their relationship and a game of cat and mouse soon begins.  Wild, explosive, and vibrant, Inugami-san to Nekoyama-san tells the comedic tale of two high school girls and their less-than-normal relationship.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After defeating every racing team in the prefecture, everything comes down to one last race. Takumi Fujiwara has never lost a race, but when his opponent is also using an AE86, it turns into a battle of the AE86. Will Project D succeed in the final and most difficult race of Initial D?
This world has gone through many Dusks, and is slowly nearing its end. Within this world, in the western reaches of the "Land of Dusk," there was a nation that prospered thanks to its use of alchemy.  There, in order to survive the eventual arrival of the "Dusk End," the people devoted their efforts to rediscover and recreate lost alchemic technologies. Rediscovered technology from the past era was gathered in the alchemy research city known as "Central," where research was conducted on how to halt the advance of the twilight.  One of the heroes is a young man who researched alchemy in Central, the other a girl living in a small town on the frontier. This girl's name is Escha. In the process of using her knowledge of ancient alchemy to help others, she was assigned to the Development Department. The young man's name is Logy. Having learned the newest alchemic techniques in Central, he requested a transfer to this understaffed town to make use of his abilities, and meets Escha when he is assigned to the Development Department as well. The two make a promise to use their alchemy together, and bring success to the Development Department. (Source: Tecmo Koei Europe)
Battles continue between "Penguin Empire", the mysterious life form which arrived on earth all of a sudden, and "Beauty Salon Prince", the secret anti-Penguin organization. In order to fight Penguin Empire's gigantic "Penguin Robot", Beauty Salon Prince has developed their ultimate weapon, "Daimidaler", and is now looking for the pilot. They choose Koichi Madanbashi, a hot-blooded high school boy who is mad about big boobs, because he is the factor of "Hi-ERo particles", the source of unknown energy. (Source: Showgate)
A distorted, endlessly black darkness. The location where the dark swallowed everything and took everything from us has become known as the Lightless Realm. Born there, as if they were mirror images of the despair and chaos humans felt, were aberrations. They were called Admonitions. An investigation of the Lightless Realm that eats away at the human psyche. Can a group of eight boys and girls gathered in an effort to combat the Admonitions see the light of the future beyond the Lightless Realm, while their past destinies and dangerous present intertwine in a complicated web? (Source: Daisuki)
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the late Edo period, Japan had experienced an unprecedented crisis by Kurofune (Black Ships), the ships from foreign countries. But a giant robot called Onigami, which has existed since ancient time, dispelled the Kurofune ships and the exclusion of foreigners was accomplished. The story begins in Japan where Meiji restoration in 1868 didn't happen. The tagline says, "I can be the greatest man in the world, because I am a virgin!!" (Source: Crunchyroll)
Soon after transferring to Seisou Gakuin, Kanade finds the orchestra club in the middle of preparing for the National concur. Teaming up with the other members, she will improve her skills, meet new rivals and create memories for what will become an unforgettable summer... (Source: La Corda D'oro Wikia)
"Mahou Shoujo Taisen" is a project created from a variety show for the Otaku "2.5 Chigen TV" (2.5 Dimension TV). The characters are the mahou shoujo that represent each local town in Japan. The characters that won from the second illustration competitions that were held on pixiv will appear in the anime. (Source: MAL News)
High school student Hajime Kindaichi is the supposed grandson of famous private detective Kosuke Kindaichi. Visiting Hong Kong for a fashion event with Kindaichi, our hero's girlfriend Miyuki is captured by a stranger in a case of mistaken identity. The journey to save Miyuki itself leads to yet another crime case... (Source: YTV)
Several days after the mortal battle against Link Joker which embroils the whole world, the world has returned to peace. But Kai Toshiki faces a surprising situation. Sendou Aichi, the hero who saved the world from the invasion of Link Joker, has suddenly disappeared. In addition, everyone's memory about Aichi is lost...Almost all hints have been lost, and Kai starts to search Aichi with "Blaster Blade" and the deck of Royal Paladin, the only existing hint and the proof of their bonds. Kai is approached by fighters who call themselves "Quatre Knights". The four---Gaillard, Neve, Ratie and Sarah---are fighters with world-class power in vanguard fights. They control mysterious power and urge Kai to give up searching Aichi. What is their purpose...!? And what is their relationship with Aichi...!? Kai, with the new power "Legion" in his hand, fights to take Aichi back. Now, the war has begun!  (Source: Cardfight!! Vanguard Wikia)
Anime adaptation of Majin Bone, a digital card game project. Majin, the creator of the Universe, has been resurrected in the present day. Shougo Ryuujin, an ordinary high school student who transforms into the Bone Fighter Dragonbone with the Bone Card in order to save Earth. Together, with the other White Bone warriors take a stand against the Dark Bone, a foe that has appeared from darkness to devastate Earth. However, "could the true enemy be ourselves?" (Source: ANN)
Matsutarou Sakaguchi is a giant roughneck man with strength far beyond ordinary people. He never uttered words like "work hard," "strive," and "dream" like the typical shounen manga protagonist. However, he is stronger than anyone and peerless in sumo wrestling. His greatest weakness is his own carefree personality. He grows into a full-fledged sumo wrestler. (Source: ANN)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
The story will revolve around how the Avengers—Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and the Hulk together with the help of Spider-Man and a group of teens—will harness their respective fighting skills and superhuman powers to foil Loki's scheme to take over the world. Marvel Disk Wars: The Avengers will target boys in the 6-12 age group. (Source: Marvel)
Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia)
This is the anime adaptation of Kantoku Fuyuki Todoki (Insufficient Direction), the first essay manga by the "queen of the manga world," Moyoco Anno. The comedic and heartwarming autobiographical story follows her everyday married "otaku lifestyle" with Hideaki Anno, "the founder of the otaku cult." (Source: ANN)
Second TV (flash animated) series of Keroro Gunsou.
Through an unexpected turn of events, an ordinary elementary school student, Hiro Enryuu, finds himself in the world of the "Dragon Collection" game. This is a world called Dragon Earth, where gods, humans, and monsters exist side by side. Those who roam this world using a magic book, called a Grimoire, and cards to summon monsters and search for treasures that bear the powers of dragons are called Dracolle Battlers. Despite his bewilderment, Hiro becomes a Dracolle Battler and, together with the friends he meets there, begins his adventure to become a legendary Dragon Master! (Source: Crunchyroll)
In Big Money City, players participate in "Hero Battles" using Bankfon Gs, which allows them to rent powerful hero suits and fight battles against other players, receiving power boosts from the system's public domain feature. Kaito Goushou, a young elementary school student who is always eager to help others, ends up hastily signing a contract to rent the powerful unlisted hero suit, "Enter the Gold," from a mysteriously seedy priest named Sennen; however, he soon learns that the suit comes with a debt of 10 billion yen, and Kaito must now clear his dues by winning Hero Battles. (Source: Wikipedia)
Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia)
The anime adaptation revolves around a young boy named Faiya Orega who loves Oreca competitions. One day, he is granted the power to summon real Oreca monsters due to the mysterious powers of the treasure chest Pandora. To protect the peace of the Oreca world, Faiya must fight the demon king who threatens the land. (Source: Crunchyroll)
This is the fourth anime series of Pretty Rhythm. The story features a girl named Lala Manaka, who desires to become an Idol. To further her debut the best, the three main protagonists from the previous Pretty Rhythm series Aira, Mia, and Naru give her lessons about how to be the best Idol. In addition to the lessons she's learning, the series also retells the events of the previous Pretty Rhythm series. (Source: Pretty Rhythm Wiki)
Two Lodoss-obsessed students attempt to recruit party members so they can put on a Lodoss-themed play at their school festival.
A TV anime remake of the World Fool News ONA. Takahashi is transferred to a main anchor of a news program, which is known for being a little...weird. This is a comedy about somewhat ridiculous happenings occurring at a broadcasting station. (Source: YouTube)
The most anticipated card game, Duel Masters had returned after 2 years since the battle in the past season. However, Katta Kirifuda once the strongest duelist, is now a year 2 middle school student and had lost his passion of dueling throughout the 2 years, and dreams of curry bread every day. However, after an encounter with the baseball ace, Hokaben, a mysterious duelist and a reunion with his childhood friend Lulu Takigawa, he rekindled his dueling spirit and return to his journey of becoming the strongest duelist. With new friends and rivals and Katta's passionate duelist soul, the greatest battle begins!  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World. (Source: AniDB)
Second season of the Lovely Muco series.
In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others...
A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic. Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land. After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief.
New series of Tamagotchi!.
Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series.
The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN)
musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive.
A shy little Carino Coni is a rabbit boy who just started to live alone in the forest away from his family. Everyday Coni's heart raises with joy playing with his siblings who lives nearby, but suddenly cries of lonesomeness, which he cannot explain. This story is about all heart warming stories Coni encounters, and how he himself become not so lonely anymore as he gradually grows up. (Source: playsetproducts.jp)
An animated program featuring members of AKB48, SKE48, NMB48, and HKT48.
(No synopsis yet.)
The 3rd continuation of NTV's ZIP! anime parody shorts. This one focuses on Hakushon Daimaou. Like with the previous season, occasionally the Gatchaman team and now the Mazinger Z team show up in some episodes.
An educational program teaching children shapes, basic math, colors, and other subjects.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Raku Ichijou, a first-year student at Bonyari High School, is the sole heir to an intimidating yakuza family. Ten years ago, Raku made a promise to his childhood friend. Now, all he has to go on is a pendant with a lock, which can only be unlocked with the key which the girl took with her when they parted. Now, years later, Raku has grown into a typical teenager, and all he wants is to remain as uninvolved in his yakuza background as possible while spending his school days alongside his middle school crush Kosaki Onodera. However, when the American Bee Hive Gang invades his family's turf, Raku's idyllic romantic dreams are sent for a toss as he is dragged into a frustrating conflict: Raku is to pretend that he is in a romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive's chief, so as to reduce the friction between the two groups. Unfortunately, reality could not be farther from this whopping lie—Raku and Chitoge fall in hate at first sight, as the girl is convinced he is a pathetic pushover, and in Raku's eyes, Chitoge is about as attractive as a savage gorilla.  Nisekoi follows the daily antics of this mismatched couple who have been forced to get along for the sake of maintaining the city's peace. With many more girls popping up his life, all involved with Raku's past somehow, his search for the girl who holds his heart and his promise leads him in more unexpected directions than he expects. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sakamichi Onoda is a cheerful otaku looking to join his new school's anime club, eager to finally make some friends. Unfortunately, the club has been disbanded and he takes it upon himself to revive it by finding students who are willing to join. Without much luck, Onoda decides to make a round trip to Akihabara on his old, bulky city bicycle, a weekly 90-kilometer ride he has been completing since fourth grade.  This is when he meets fellow first year student, Shunsuke Imaizumi, a determined cyclist who is using the school's steep incline for practice. Surprised by Onoda's ability to climb the hill with his specific type of bicycle, Imaizumi challenges him to a race, with the proposition of joining the anime club should Onoda win. And thus begins the young boy's first foray into the world of high school bicycle racing! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The original manga revolves around a girl named Yokoi who sits next to a boy only known as Seki-kun. During class, Seki-kun continues to not pay attention and instead creates amazing little distractions, such as a detailed golf course with the course's hole being a dent in his desk, or an entire dramatic war being played out by paper shogi pieces. Yokoi often finds herself getting reluctantly interested in his games, even though they always seem to end up getting HER in trouble with the teacher! (Source: ANN)
With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two planets, one to the East and another to the West, were once bound together by a chain called the Dragon Stream. But now, that chain is broken and the two halves are only joined in war. Nobunaga the Fool is heir to the Eastern Country of Owari. Regarded as too foolish and carefree by many, including his friends, Nobunaga is thought to be a nuisance even by his father. A girl from the West named Jeanne Kaguya d'Arc has visions of a "Savior-King." She is accompanied by Leonardo da Vinci as she journeys to the Eastern Planet in search of the person in her visions. Leonardo and Jeanne quickly fall victim to a military confrontation between powerful mecha, only to be saved by Nobunaga. Nobunaga takes control of Leonardo's mecha, intending to warn his family of the siege he suspects. Jeanne suspects that the lackadaisical Nobunaga might be the Savior-King she's envisioned. 
Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
In the story, the Illusionary Empire led by Queen Mirage has begun attacking Earth. The Precure teams that are on every continent of the world fend off the rampaging Saiaaku, and word spreads on global television news about the Precure girls who fight for humanity. "Precure" becomes a common word throughout the world. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Information show featuring two female characters that separated from Logicoma (Logiko and Comako), voiced by Miyuki Sawashiro. A short anime called "Kabushiki Gaisha: Kyuuka" featuring Motoko (voiced by Maaya Sakamoto) as the employer of a company aired between episodes 4 to 14.
An adaptation of the Future Card Buddyfight card game. Future Card Buddyfight takes place in a more futuristic version of today. The card game connects to a parallel universe through special cards (Buddy Rare Cards) that act as portals. They bring monsters to Earth in order for them to become buddies with humans. Through friendship and courage, they take on and fight challenges, known as Buddyfights, where people of all ages have friendly non-hurtful competitions. The main character, Gaou Mikado has just started Buddyfighting. As the story progresses, Buddyfights are seeming to become a little too real...
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
In the year 2047, mankind discovered a rare metal ore called "Gaimetal", which possessed a huge amount of energy, and mining for these strange metal ore begins all over the world. However, in 2075, humankind were been constantly attacked by Gaist, a race of metallic creatures whose bodies were encrusted with Gaimetal, thus forming the GCG (also known as "Gaist Crusher Garrison"), an organization tasked with dealing against the Gaist. In 2064, the GCG send out mankind's line of defense: the Gaist Crushers, humans who can wear a special Gaimetal armor called "Gaist Gear", and battle the Gaist,as well as the threat opposed by a mysterious organization called "Erasers". (Source: Wikipedia)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Rei is an adventurer called a "Card Quester." He wishes to collect strong cards scattered throughout space, and battle with his rivals unfold. Soon enough, he will discover what happened to his own past. 
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series.
It's a heartwarming and sometimes nonsense comedy about an elementary school boy Tomoo Kinoshita.
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
How did Asia's most prominent entrepreneurs know when to grasp opportunities? And how did they overcome difficulties and attain their positions of power? This series uses the unconventional technique of blending actual documentary footage with CG animation to get a close-up look into the front lines and what lies behind the scenes of Asian business. Our cartoon host is Shima Kosaku, a character from a popular Japanese business manga. He delves into the heart of the Asian economic market representing 4 billion people, to visit entrepreneurs who have survived turbulent times. Thai business magnate, Dhanin Chearavanont (Chairman of CP Group), and innovative Taiwanese semiconductor entrepreneur, Morris Chang (Chairman of TSMC), are among the many movers and shakers to be featured. Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the dramatic lives of these media-shy business titans. (Source: Official Site)
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN)
The fifth season of Pororo with a focus more on racing.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Third season of Boonie Bears. Having had a taste of carnival life in town, the Bear Brothers return to the forest to start anew. But aside from the joy of meeting old friends, the bears must again cope with the dull-but-driven Logger Vick! That shiny-pated villain is determined to crush their renewed efforts to protect the forest they love. If he can dispatch the Bear Brothers, Vick will realize his evil dream of riches through total destruction of the forest. Fortunately the Brothers and their friends have a forest full of surprises in store for him! Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy features Briar and Bramble Bear doing what they do best: creating non-stop laughs for kids around the world! (Source: Official website)
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
There is a mysterious power of the Holy Spirit hidden in the legendary continent of Labelle, and the way to get power is recorded in the book of flower, guard by numerous flower Fairy Kings,only the legendary magic ambassador is recognized to wake up the power, and use them to defeat evil. For this.The evil force,led by Jakarta,the Queen of Dark had start a war to the continent of Labelle.With the help of the Flower Goddess,Pupula and the tribe of gouring flower fairys, the fate of the continent of Labelle is linked with an Earth girl... Who is the legendary envoy XiaAnAn. (Source: Magical Girl Wiki)
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The third season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
A short video released on April Fool's Day 2014, which reimagines the cast of Noragami with cat ears. The title, Noraneko, means "stray cat" in Japanese.
From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games.
Special of Miss Monochrome. It's about football. Aired on the official Miss Monochrome YouTube channel.
File 594 that was never animated. To celebrate Detective Conan Movie 18 premiere, it was animated and streamed on NOTTV. This is where Kogorou Mouri is the fugitive.
Misaki, a 25-year-old woman who is soon to be married, finds an old photo taken at Tokyo Station and an old, broken pocket watch from her late father. Her father worked at Tokyo Station during his life and was a very strict man in her memory, but she saw his smile from the old photo that she's never seen before. Misaki, in attempt to have the old pocket watch repaired, discovers that a watch store existed in Tokyo Station in the past.
In a world where yin and yang has lost its balance and day merged with night, humans and monsters learn to coexist. Our hardworking censorates do their best to fight the ‘untamed’ monsters in this joyful story. (Source: EIH Scans)
”Wereman" Shushu's life is turned upside down when her father tells her that despite what she was told her entire life, she is in fact a female, and cannot become a wereman. To be certified as a wereman so she can become a public servant and let her father retire, she enrolls in Monster Academy. There, she meets Juzu, the son of the monster king who founded the school. Although he is feared by everyone due to his status, when her secret is exposed to the monster prince, she finds out that Juzu is in fact stupid, but is kind and just wanted a friend. With all the eyes of the students on Shushu and Juzu, the inconspicuous life Shushu so direly desired goes down the drain. Note: The third episode will begin streaming on December 4, 2014 to celebrate the release of the manga's first compiled book volume, which will ship in Japan the same day. (Source: ANN)
Seita dies after dozing off behind the wheel and wakes up in the underworld. However, the prize that a demon extracts from him is part of his body. (Source: ANN)
An accident leaves Taishi stranded on the lunar surface, unable to return to Earth. A girl helps him in his despair, but he is oblivious to her true identity. (Source: ANN)
A series of cross-promotional shorts with Joysound featuring Show By Rock characters.
Rei Kigata is a first year middle schooler at Ishido Middle School. He is not a believer of any paranormal phenomena such as existence of ghosts or spirits in any kind, but one day at midnight, while he is sleeping, a mysterious newspaper called "Horror News" is delivered to his room. The newspaper tells a story in which one of his teachers at the school will get killed in a car accident the following morning and Kigata will be a witness of the accident. The story turns into a fact in the following day and since then, the mysterious newspaper is delivered everyday. He realizes he is haunted by this newspaper and that his life span would be shortened in 100 days every time he reads it. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited)
Short animation by Sawako Kabuki.
A collection of animation that highlights the Sickness (increasing stupidity) that is plaguing this generation: Chao You Bing
Anime Project Channel 5.5, energy supplement Calorie Mate and Eagle Talon's Frogman have teamed up to present a spoof of the new Ghost in the Shell: Arise series. Though Maaya Sakamoto voices the famous cyborg Motoko Kusanagi in the Arise OVA, Sumire Uesaka stars in the parody. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The ONA produced to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Shinra Bansho Choco from Bandai. Shinra Bansho Choco is a chocolate biscuit sandwich brand that includes a card that features characters of the Gods. (Source: MAL)
Spin-off episodes of the franchise Qin Shi Ming Yue focusing on Baifeng.
Sanae has now left the countryside to view the tourist wonders of the Ibaraki prefecture. Villains are still after her so her agriculture magic powers still come in hand.
Comedy anime about the staff of Keihime Railway Company.
Momon and her pet Tanu have been close friends since childhood and have always been together. Before long, Momon became an elementary school student, and one day when a new student transfers to her class, their lives begin to change...
(No synopsis yet.)
2nd Season of Go! Go! Kadendanshi.
Picture drama featuring zombies from Zombie Clay Animation: Life of the Dead.
Recap episode of Si Ling Bianma: Zhi Shijie Caozong Zhe that aired between episode 10 and 11.
A series (collaboration with a toothbrush brand REACH) following two women that aims to educate about proper dental health.
Stories from Patrick Lafcadio Hearn's book Kwaidan: Stories and Studies of Strange Things. The Greek-American author was known as Koizumi Yakumo in Japan and is renowned for collecting and publishing stories of Japanese folklore and legends.  The shorts were made for a Matsue City tourism promotion, as Hearn taught, lived, and married there. His home is a museum people can visit.
A recruitment video/commercial commissioned by Kura Corporation, a Japanese sushi restaurant chain that specializes in conveyor belt sushi. The first episode is a young man trying his best to work hard at his new full time job. The second episode focuses on teenagers working there part time (and the young man from the previous episode has now become the manager of the restaurant).
A promotional anime for the Ijigen Gattai Mojibakeru Z toy line from Bandai.
A collaboration promotion between the Ponkotsu Quest anime and the Monsterz live action horror film (which is a remake of a South Korean film titled Haunters) airing in theaters.
(No synopsis yet.)
Various shorts made by studio dwarf using original characters from franchises they worked on such as Domo-kun and Komaneko as well as original ones. Includes 12 "Vol." numbered episodes and one "Uma no Hi Kodomo" titled episode.
The 40th and final episode of Dibetagurashi: Ahiru no Seikatsu. It was never aired on TV and was only available to view digitally on official Japanese streaming services when one purchased the 36-40 episode package.
In preparation for a large-scale disaster occurring in the Tokyo metropolitan area, we used the visually appealing and memorable medium of anime to make a "disaster prevention educational video" with the objective of conveying easy-to-understand disaster-prevention knowledge to foreign residents of Japan.  In the four languages of Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean, the video teaches knowledge such as what be cautious of in the event of an earthquake, what to prepare in advance for an earthquake, and what to do if an earthquake occurs while at work or away from home. We hope that the video will be useful in raising disaster-prevention awareness, and in preparing for a disaster. (Source: Tokyo International Communication Committee)
Saigo no Shudan's advertisement movies for the 2014 Shibukaru Festival hosted by the Parco department store. A regular version and long version exist of the advertisement, though both share very little footage between each other.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Bundled with the 12th, 13th, and 14th limited-edition manga volumes.
Not so long ago, mysterious structures called Dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the Dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned.  In a Parthevian port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a Dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Magi: Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a Dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
U.C. 0096... The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1. A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move. Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box. What is Laplace's Box? What secret does it contain? The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved. (Source: Official website)
Unaired TV episode bundled with the light novel's volume eight.
OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs.
Hot Spring-themed OVA of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san W.
This OVA is divided into two parts. First one is about Torii Shoutarou following his younger sister on a date. Second one is about Christmas Eve, which Mitsuki, Yuuya and their friends spend at Kanzaki's house. Bundled with the limited-edition volume 7 of the manga. (Source: AniDB)
Unaired OVA bundled with limited edition eighth volume of the manga. The episode centers around the actions of Inari and Kon.
The story begins with Hanabi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The manga depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love. (Source: ANN) 
New OVA series of Hayate no Gotoku!, which is part of the manga's 10th anniversary project. One episode each will be bundled with volumes 41 to 43 of the manga.
Based on the adult manga by Goban. Takashi's childhood friend Saya and his younger sister Mika may not see him as a real man, but just being around them has been provoking him more and more. Following yet another failed proposal on his part, Saya feels bad for him and lets him grope her breasts, but it quickly gets out of hand and turns into a full night of full-blown sex! (Source: H-Moe) 
Based on the adult manga by Inu. A disaffected young woman named Katakura Kon has entered into an ambiguous but very sexual relationship with her homeroom teacher. She rarely attends school and has taken to living with him, but neither one is willing to explain their feelings to each other. Frustration overflows, however – and even when dating, they can't quite communicate without sex! (Source: H-Moe)
Short flash episodes included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. The story centers on Moyako Konoe and her younger brother Akira. When they were younger, Akira proposed to her, so Moyako thinks he is a pervert who has fallen in love with his older sister. Moyako's misunderstanding leads her to create wild delusions about her brother. Episodes #1: Ane Prologue #2: Ane Furo #3: Ane Morning #4: Ane Friend #6: Ane Ponytail #8: Ane Hip
Based on the adult manga by Arima Jin. Akira and her lover Naoto get distracted by sex in the bath. As a result, Naoto contracts a cold. Akira is worried about him, but when she comes to check on him, he distracts her with sex and they begin to mess around, only for him to overexert himself. No need to worry, though... Akira takes care of him! Then, Akira has to work on Naoto's birthday, but before she can bring home her double pay, she accidentally downs a leftover alcoholic drink. Naoto is called in to bring her home, but his birthday has already ended, and Akira is so upset she begins to cry. There's only one thing to do, really: celebrate right there, with plenty of sex! (Source: H-Moe)
Based on the erotic game by Lune.
Episode 2.5 of "A Summer Day's Dream" series of anime shorts based on the Touhou Project shooter game series.
Based on the manga by Erect Sawaru. 
Limited edition OVA episode of Miss Monochrome.
Based on the adult manga by Inu. Kon and her teacher-turned-lover still have communication problems, but they're making progress, little by little. Will they find the answers they're looking for in each other? Or have they already found them? (Source: H-Moe)
Milky-chan is tasked with caring for her shut-in male friend while his mother is out of town. Feeling she's the only one who really understands him anyway, she accepts the job happily. When he won't come down for lunch, though, she goes up to his room and catches him masturbating to some hentai. Then she finds a book about having sex with women, so she volunteers herself so he can learn and experience the real thing – but it's not complete until she puts on a costume! (Source: H-Moe)
Based on a doujin game by Orcsoft. Saiki Yasuo is a 45 years old office worker. After 20 years of marriage, his wife asked for a divorce and left him. Now, depressed, he spends the nights drinking alone, until one night a girl from the St. Marian Academy approaches him looking for a client. (Source: English DLSite)
Based on the erotic game by Tinker Bell. 
Based on the adult manga by Yasui Riosuke.  A story about a school where a sadistic boy and a masochist girl have lots of sex. 
Based on the adult game by Syrup: Many Milk.  Demons are attacking earth, releasing a field that drives men to wild lust and absorbing the carnal energy that results in order to replenish their strength. Yuuri is chosen by Suzune-sensei to become an Angel Goddess and fight these creatures of darkness. When Suzune-sensei deems Yuuri capable enough to fight on her own, however, things begin to go horribly wrong. The demons have a new creature, capable of besting even an Angel Goddess. But the possessed men aren't the only ones who want her, and her own gym teacher turns out to be a bigger threat and pervert than she could have dreamed. But she's not the only one who's been compromised...!  (Source: H-Moe)
Based on the adult game by Marine. 
Based on the adult manga by momi.
Mika Amano, a newly married woman, discovers an alien who crashed on earth. This alien named Furuu can take the shape of any article of clothing. Her husband, Dr. Shinichi Amano, works at a small clinic and discovers an intresting side effect to a new experimental drug. (Source: ANN)
It's time for the local summer festival and Kentarou is accompanying Shizue, who has come to visit after being away for a few years. During the festival Kentarou leaves Shizue alone for a bit, and when he finds her again he sees a shocking scene... Later, Shizue goes to a local photo studio to pick up some photos from the summer festival, and decides to do a bit of modeling while there. Before long Kentarou also joins... (Source: AniDB)
A kind and reliable older sister, Mizushiro Ayaka. A younger childhood friend and now my girlfriend, Tsurutani Ayaka. While I'm happily getting along with the two, I wasn't satisfied. That is because I have a hobby that I must keep hidden. I want to do S&M. I secretly buy tools for my personal use - stare at it, touch it. And then one day as I was expelling myself of my urges, I noticed that someone had entered my room and saw the secret. Let's try setting a trap... I turn to see who discovered my secret. And so, our abnormal relationship began. Based on the erotic game by Noesis.  (Source: Noesis)
The Higurashi Real Estate resides in a small, nondescript office building where Minokawa Naoto works. Everyday, he has to deal with the sketchy customers and his extremely perverted boss. She loves to have sex in apartments that are left deserted by the tenants that cannot pay for their rent. With his salary being so low and his boss sucking him dry, will he make it? (Source: MU)
Based on the adult manga by Kishizuka Kenji.
An animated training DVD, where your attractive boyfriend teaches you about exercising and eating healthy.
Based on the picture eBook of the same name. One by one, with feeling, the Thousand Paper Cranes are folded. What if, those paper cranes had a "life" of their own... The purpose given to the Thousand Paper Cranes! The spectacular adventure of Kenta and Maiko begins now!! (Source: dreamonefilm)
As she edges toward the end of her high school life, the energetic but generally clueless third-year Tamako Kitashirakawa has only one major concern: pulling off a stunning baton performance at the Usagiyama Marching Festival. But all too soon, she is confronted by the reality that all her friends have big plans for their futures; she, on the other hand, just operates with the moderate goal of continuing to work at her family's restaurant. Under the same brilliant sky, Mochizou Ooji intends to study at a university in Tokyo, leaving behind his family, friends, and most importantly, his first and only love Tamako. Unfortunately, the shy admirer cannot bring himself to declare his love, and Tamako is yet unaware that she is the source of such anguish. With time quickly running out, Mochizou must confess his feelings to Tamako soon, or his dream of romance will never be fulfilled. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The second movie of Sora no Otoshimono that concludes the anime series.
As the season changes from spring to summer, Makoto Yuuki remains alongside the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad (SEES). The team continues to defeat Shadows large and small, but they now clash with a new enemy: Strega, a group of rogue Persona users who wish to keep the Dark Hour to their advantage—it seems that Strega may hold a clue to the Dark Hour's true nature. While SEES enjoys summer vacation in Yakushima, they are joined by Aegis, an amnesiac android designed to destroy Shadows. While she proves herself to be a powerful ally, she is inexplicably drawn to Makoto and constantly remains at his side. As they delve deeper into the mysteries of the Dark Hour, the nature of the mysterious connection that binds these two together is slowly unveiled. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Third movie of Ghost in the Shell: Arise. Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scylla. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation. (Source: Wikipedia)
A vicious sniper has appeared in Tokyo, rendering the people too scared to go outside, once again it's up to Conan to figure out the meaning behind the killings and capture the mysterious sniper before more lives are lost. (Source: ANN)
From the dawn of time, there have been warriors who protected the Goddess Athena. Once forces of evil appear, these warriors, called the Saints will present themselves.  A young woman, Saori Kido, learns about this force known as "Cosmos" and that she is the reincarnation of Athena, protector of love and peace on Earth. However, the Pope of the Sanctuary, who is in the charge of all the Saints, does not take kindly to Saori, and targets her for usurping the identity of Athena. An assassin is sent out to kill her. Fortunately, one of the Bronze Saints, Seiya, manages to protect her. But will Seiya be able to protect Saori through to the end in the gripping saga of Saint Seiya: Legend of Sanctuary?
The film will be a continuation spinoff of the 2012 "Lupin III: The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" television anime series. Lupin and Jigen have their sights set on a treasure worth stealing called the Little Comet which is located in the country of East Doroa. The country has fortified its border after a singer named Queen Malta got assassinated in the neighboring country of West Doroa upon visit.  Despite the two countries being enemies, Lupin and Jigen still plan to steal the treasure. During the heist, Jigen almost got killed by a skilled sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing his kills. Its said that no one has survived after Yael makes a grave for that target. (Source: ANN)
The story follows Dera after he returns to the southern islands from the Usagiyama Shopping District, and depicts his gentle slapstick daily life with the Prince and Choi. (Source: ANN)
A man enjoys a drink over and over and over again, for eight seconds each time. It's the same every time... or at least that's what it seems like at first. With every sip, something changes, making things a little more intriguing each time. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A new movie featuring a match between fan-voted members of the Inazuma Best Eleven team and the special Battle Eleven team.
Hiroshi got a slipped disk due to a back injury. He was taken to an Este salon by a mysterious beautiful girl who appeared suddenly, to receive a free trial of beauty treatment as well as a massage. When Hiroshi returned home after a beauty treatment, he was surprised to see himself in the form of a robot. Shinnosuke gets overjoyed, whereas Misae gets worried on seeing him as a naked robot. The robot version of Hiroshi turns out to be convenient. The robot Hiroshi could be controlled by a remote control and pretty much do anything including cooking and cleaning. Meanwhile, Hiroshi realizes that his turning into a robot has to do something with that Este salon. However, this new change was a dark conspiracy hatched by “Chichi Yure Doumei (The Association of Fathers)” to create a strong father figure for all the fathers in Japan. Soon, many dads in the whole nation go out of control, and the Nohara family (Shinnosuke's family) and Kasukabe start falling apart. Before the near-collapse of Kasukabe, Shinnosuke and Hiroshi i.e. Robot dad stand up to save the day. Featuring the most intense battle of middle-aged men, the movie brings a touching story that makes all fathers and families in Japan cry. (Source: Wikipedia)
A family was riding a car on their way home from a maternity hospital. Satomi and Yasunori were taking their newborn baby named "Orine" home and were filled with happy expectation. However, a sudden accident attacked them. Orine lost her parents, and she became alone. Nineteen years have passed, and she has grown up. She was pursued by the police because of an incident. She continued to escape, but Yuri Aoshima, a member of a shady organization, tried to contact her. Orine agreed to Yuri's demand, which was going to an experimental space station. Yuri will help her to escape, instead. Somehow, only Orine can enter an unmanned space station. Surprisingly, the person who was waiting for Orine was her mother, Satomi. She appeared in the similitude of her twenties. Orine was perplexed, and Yuri demanded to turn the power off of the station. Unwillingly, she started to place the shut-down device, but she believed that it will solve the mystery and help her mother. As Orine and Satomi spend time together, they made up for their lost time. Yuri's aim, Satomi's true identity, and a man called "SENSEI" who is involved in taking over the station. While the mystery deepens, Orine gets closer to the "truth"... (Source: Official website)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A Chinese film version of the original Japanese Ikkyuu-san anime.
A second collaboration with Town Work. Jobuubu is looking for a job and so is the Chancellor as he was fired from his previous one. The two run into each other on the street after having an unsuccessful job hunt. Chancellor takes Jobuubu back to the Eagle Talon headquarters where they discover that he has the ability to repair hand dryers. The repair not only makes it dries properly but gives the user a sense of pure bliss. Together they team up; Chancellor finds clients while Jobuubu does the repairs. Queen Electronic, one of the manufactures of the hand dryers, gets wind of them and invites them to work on new ideas for their company in order to improve their old products. But a rival company wants to make sure they don't succeed. 
Norasco episodes made for and screened at 109 Cinemas during previews. The films were fully included intermittently on the 4-disc DVD release of Norasco. The first and sixth episode were also posted on the official youtube page at later dates. 
Movie of Yuuto-kun ga Iku.
A planetarium show with the Kamiusagi Rope cast. Rope is playing with a PET bottle rocket when it flies off after a failed launch. He and Akira go look for it in the bush when they discover a mysterious alien child. They decide to help the lost alien child return home.
Jack the Robber loses his magic bean. G.G. Bond and friends plant it and a giant beanstalk grows. Up in the clouds there is a new world called Titan Island. They triggered the Titan's alarm and the bean's vine is severed. The team may not be able to make it back home between fighting off the Titan as well as Jack the Robber's attempt to steal treasure and sabotage the team.
Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
Extra episode of Sword Art Offline included in the Sword Art Online: Extra Edition Blu-ray and DVD.
Specials released with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
Bundled with the 6 Blu-ray/DVD. It will adapt the 124th chapter of the manga, which depicts when Kuroko and Aomine first met.
It is the spring break immediately after Mao and the others graduate. It is the season of cherry blossoms, and the new school term will soon begin. One day, Kyouya is suddenly stuffed into a bag. When he is let out, the scenery he sees around him is that of New York—except the room looks exactly like the GJ Club's room. (Source: Official website)
Two unaired episodes included in the DVD Set release of Tonari no Seki-kun series. #1. Field Trip (Rinkan Gakkou) (first volume) #2. Snow Playing (Yuki Asobi) (second volume)
Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
Short specials (featuring the chibi forms of the characters) included in the Blade and Soul Blu-rays and DVDs.
Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
A promotional video for the new Super Smash Bros Wii U and Super Smash Bros 3DS featuring Pit, Link, Dark Pit, and Palutena.
Two picture drama episodes included in the last Blu-ray volume of the TV series.
The rebroadcasting of the 12-episode TV anime Arpeggio of Blue Steel: Ars Nova has started on Tokyo MX and Sun TV since yesterday on April 5. Its each episode comes with a newly-produced 60-second parody short series "Kirikumas" featuring the world all of the mental model girls become stuffed teddy bears. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
Recap of Mobile Suit Gundam, Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam, Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ and Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack focusing on Newtype and Zeonism ideals told before UC episode 7. Included as a bonus on a Volume 7 Blu-ray release of the Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn OVA.
In addition to the flash anime, 3 short special episodes were included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. Episodes #1: Sekai no Ane Ijin no Jikan #2: Moya-nee Boot Camp #3: Ane Denwa Soudan
Bonus episodes 3.5, 6.5, and 9.5 included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
Unaired episode of Strange+ included on the Blu-ray/DVD release.
An animated music video included as a bonus on the Blu-ray/DVD release of Majokko Shimai no Yoyo to Nene.
Recap episode aired between episodes 23 and 24. 
New Thermae Romae short (collaboration with a toothbrush brand REACH) to celebrate the 2nd live action movie. This short is part of an advertising campaign for the Otome Joshi no Tame no Anime Shinsho book series.
A brand new picture drama made for the BD Memorial Box set of Creamy Mami. The cast is put into a Cinderella story.
A CGI commercial for Honke Yatsuhashi Nishio which aired on TV. Yatsuhashi in general are a traditional Japanese confection made from rice, sugar, and cinnamon and a common souvenir from Kyoto. The ninja mascots have gone on receive a mobile manga, character goods, and stickers on LINE. 
Advertisements for JRA-VAN's racehorse software.
