In times of need, if you look in the right place, you just may see a strange telephone number scrawled in red. If you call this number, you will hear a young man introduce himself as the Yato God. Yato is a minor deity and a self-proclaimed "Delivery God," who dreams of having millions of worshippers. Without a single shrine dedicated to his name, however, his goals are far from being realized. He spends his days doing odd jobs for five yen apiece, until his weapon partner becomes fed up with her useless master and deserts him. Just as things seem to be looking grim for the god, his fortune changes when a middle school girl, Hiyori Iki, supposedly saves Yato from a car accident, taking the hit for him. Remarkably, she survives, but the event has caused her soul to become loose and hence able to leave her body. Hiyori demands that Yato return her to normal, but upon learning that he needs a new partner to do so, reluctantly agrees to help him find one. And with Hiyori's help, Yato's luck may finally be turning around. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Raku Ichijou, a first-year student at Bonyari High School, is the sole heir to an intimidating yakuza family. Ten years ago, Raku made a promise to his childhood friend. Now, all he has to go on is a pendant with a lock, which can only be unlocked with the key which the girl took with her when they parted. Now, years later, Raku has grown into a typical teenager, and all he wants is to remain as uninvolved in his yakuza background as possible while spending his school days alongside his middle school crush Kosaki Onodera. However, when the American Bee Hive Gang invades his family's turf, Raku's idyllic romantic dreams are sent for a toss as he is dragged into a frustrating conflict: Raku is to pretend that he is in a romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive's chief, so as to reduce the friction between the two groups. Unfortunately, reality could not be farther from this whopping lie—Raku and Chitoge fall in hate at first sight, as the girl is convinced he is a pathetic pushover, and in Raku's eyes, Chitoge is about as attractive as a savage gorilla.  Nisekoi follows the daily antics of this mismatched couple who have been forced to get along for the sake of maintaining the city's peace. With many more girls popping up his life, all involved with Raku's past somehow, his search for the girl who holds his heart and his promise leads him in more unexpected directions than he expects. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Due to various events, Yuuta and Rikka are living together. This secret co-habitation is so exciting for the two lovebirds! Or so it should be... Is having a chuuni girlfriend too high of a hurdle for Yuuta, who never even went out with a normal girl?! Yuuta worries about how to advance his relationship with Rikka. And then everyone else, Nibutani, Kumin, and Dekomori, have powered up by advancing a grade. Furthermore, the cause of his chuunibyou outburst in middle school, the girl who calls herself Sophia Ring Saturn the 7th, Satone Shichimiya appears... This is the long-awaited second season of the adolescent romantic comedy revolving around chuunibyou that makes you laugh and cry. (Source: Animax)
The Kazama Family—a gang of three wannabe delinquents and close friends, spearheaded by Kenji Kazama, is trying to make a name for themselves at Fujou Academy. On the first day of the term, the gang finds themselves putting out a fire in the Game Development Club. Instead of thanking them, the eccentric club members attack and knock out Kenji's two friends, forcing Kenji to fight for his life. Failing to escape, the gang leader is coerced into joining the Game Development Club. As he settles in, Kenji gets to know the four girls responsible for his provisional membership—student council president and general tyrant Chitose Karasuyama, spirited tomboy Sakura Mizukami, negligent club advisor Minami Oosawa, and the school's infamous shadow leader Roka Shibasaki. Throughout the Game Development Club's constant shenanigans and his desperate attempts to leave the club, Kenji begins to realize that he may be actually enjoying himself. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just an ordinary teenager, Kobeni Yonomori receives quite the surprise on her 16th birthday—a fiancé and a sister-in-law she never even knew she had. As a result of an arrangement that her late grandfather made, Hakuya Mitsumine and his younger sister Mashiro have moved from their countryside home to the Yonomori household in order to deepen their relationship with their new family members. Mikakunin de Shinkoukei follows Kobeni's "love life" with Hakuya as she tries her best to adjust to the abrupt changes forced upon her. However, as some extraordinary secrets regarding the siblings come to light, Kobeni will find her life changed forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The ability to create miracles is not just a supernatural phenomenon; it is a gift which manifests in a limited number of human beings. "Minimum," or small miracles, are special powers that only selected people called "Minimum Holders" possess. The detective agency Yokohama Troubleshooting, or Hamatora for short, is composed of the "Minimum Holder PI Duo," Nice and Murasaki. Their office is a lone table at Cafe Nowhere, where the pair and their coworkers await new clients. Suddenly, the jobs that they begin to receive seem to have strange connections to the serial killer whom their friend Art, a police officer, is searching for. The murder victims share a single similarity: they are all Minimum Holders. Nice and Murasaki, as holders themselves, are drawn to the case—but what exactly is the link between Nice and the one who orchestrates it all? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The universe is a mysterious and strange place, full of even stranger and more mysterious aliens. Dandy's job is to hunt down unclassified aliens and register them for a reward. It sounds easy enough, but something weird always seems to happen along the way, like chance meetings with zombies, mystical ramen chefs, and adorable orphans. Hunting down aliens may not be easy, but it's definitely never boring. With the help of his sidekicks, the adorable robot vacuum QT and cat-like alien Meow, and his slightly-used ship the Aloha Oe, Dandy roams the galaxy searching for new alien species. What he usually finds, however, is adventure, danger, and romance, and no two journeys (or universes) are ever the same. This is Space☆Dandy, baby!
Honoka Takamiya was perfectly happy with his completely average and normal life. His primary problem in life was the fact that he shared a school with the school's "Princess," Ayaka Kagari. Both girls and boys fawn over her which makes Honoka's life difficult since he rides the same bus as her in the morning and sits next to her in class. What's worse is that if he even idly interacts with her, her fan club takes him out back and beats him up! One day while taking out the trash he looks up to see a school building falling on top of him! He is saved at the very last moment by the very same beautiful girl, Ayaka, that he's never even had a full conversation with. She finally speaks to him, revealing that she's been protecting him in secret, but now that someone is attacking him directly she no longer needs to do it covertly. It turns out that Ayaka is a fire witch and there are other witches in the world who want to capture Honoka and use him for the power that he possesses inside of him. 
Having been best friends since middle school, Haruka Takayama and Yuu Sonoda plan to attend Misato West High School together. However, despite being assigned to the same class, a cruel twist of fate has them seated on the opposite ends of their classroom! To make matters worse, their school will shut down in three years, making them the final intake of first-year students. Undeterred by this chain of unfortunate events, Haruka is set on sticking with Yuu, striving to create many wonderful memories with her. Much to Haruka's jealousy however, Yuu's easygoing demeanor quickly attracts the attention of their female classmates. Sympathizing with her friend's growing insecurity, Yuu ends up sharing a deep, affectionate kiss with her in an empty classroom. The act intensifies their bond as "special friends," gradually revealing a different aspect to their unique friendship while also inviting new conflicts. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The world as we know it is actually just half the story, as Takeshi Nanase finds out abruptly one summer morning. On his way to kendo practice, Takeshi comes across an unconscious girl in a uniform he doesn't recognize. Takeshi does the decent thing and saves her, and in return the girl wakes up and accidentally turns him into a magic-user. As Takeshi finds out, there is the world he lives in and the world of magic users. Most magic users just want to peacefully coexist with non-magicians, but there are some with bigger ambitions. Mui Aiba is a magician enrolled in the Subaru Magic Academy, where magic users can learn to control and channel their powers and how to live in peace with regular humans. After his fateful encounter with Mui, Takeshi and his newly magician friends Kurumi Isoshima and Kazumi Ida decide to enroll in the Magic Academy as well. All three friends have different reasons for fighting on, whether they're fighting to escape the past or catch up to the future. They wield different kinds of powers, which they must learn to harness in order to fight off the Ghost Trailers, a group of magicians who are willing to use violence to assert their superiority over humans. Pursued by the Ghost Trailers, Takeshi and his friends must train to become stronger, face the leader of the Trailers, and prevent the beginning of the Second Great Magic War.
They say that the more things change, the more they stay the same, and those words could not be more true for the student council of Ousai Private Academy. Though an entire year has passed—bringing the senior members to their final year of high school—not much has changed. President Shino Amakusa is just as perverted as ever, Secretary Aria Shichijou still refuses to put on a pair of panties, Treasurer Suzu Hagimura has yet to grow an inch, and Vice President Takatoshi Tsuda is still stuck as the straight man to their crazy antics.  Of course, limiting the fun to a four-way might get a little stale; although the group still messes around with the Judo Club and the Newspaper Club, more girls have come to get in on the excitement. Takatoshi's sister Kotomi, a new student at Ousai, is as perverse as the president, while Uomi, the aloof student council president of the nearby Eiryou High School, fits right in with the insanity at Ousai. With loads of absurdity and sexual humor that keeps on coming, Takatoshi needs to harden up if he is going to keep up with all the madness around him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The original manga revolves around a girl named Yokoi who sits next to a boy only known as Seki-kun. During class, Seki-kun continues to not pay attention and instead creates amazing little distractions, such as a detailed golf course with the course's hole being a dent in his desk, or an entire dramatic war being played out by paper shogi pieces. Yokoi often finds herself getting reluctantly interested in his games, even though they always seem to end up getting HER in trouble with the teacher! (Source: ANN)
Abandoned by their abusive parents and with only each other to depend on, siblings Utsutsu and Yume Hasegawa find themselves led astray by beautiful red butterflies that have appeared in their world. Unbeknownst to them, these crimson winged heralds trumpet the beginning of a cannibalistic nightmare—a mysterious virus known as Pupa is about to hatch.  After succumbing to the full effects of Pupa, Yume undergoes a grotesque metamorphosis into a monstrous creature with an insatiable desire for flesh; Utsutsu, on the other hand, is only partially affected, gaining remarkable regenerative powers instead. Reaffirming the resolve to keep the promise he made to himself years ago, Utsutsu is willing to sacrifice everything in order to always be there for his precious little sister. Pupa tells the story of a loving brother's desperate struggles to save his sister, while protecting the world from her uncontrollable hunger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Idol-obsessed Kousaku Hata is left devastated when his favorite, Yuka Kusakabe, unexpectedly announces her retirement at the peak of an illustrious career. As Yuka’s biggest fan, this news proves to be more difficult than he can bear. Shaken to his very core, he sinks into depression and places himself in self-imposed isolation. However, on the day his friends managed to convince him to attend school again, he gets a pleasant surprise. It turns out that his beloved idol, under the guise of Ringo Kinoshita, has transferred into his class. This miraculous development fills Kousaku with newfound resolve, as he dedicates himself to take advantage of the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. With the support of his teacher and friends, Kousaku works toward getting close to the girl of his dreams and uncovering the reason for her retirement from the entertainment industry. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Saikin, Imouto no Yousu ga Chotto Okashiinda ga. follows a family just starting to rebuild. When they marry, Mr. and Mrs. Kanzaki bring a teenage son and daughter along for the ride. But high school freshman Mitsuki Kanzaki is less than thrilled. Stinging from a history of absent and abusive father figures, she is slow to accept her stepfather and stepbrother. But after an accident lands Mitsuki in the hospital, she finds herself possessed by the ghost of Hiyori Kotobuki, a girl her age who was deeply in love with Mitsuki's stepbrother Yuuya. Hiyori cannot pass on to her final reward because of her unrequited love for Yuuya, meaning she's got to consummate it... in Mitsuki's body?! Now, Mitsuki's life depends on getting Hiyori to Heaven. But will she get used to sharing herself with a pushy, amorous ghost? Can she overcome her distrust of her new family? Can she bring herself to fulfill Hiyori's feelings for Yuuya? And might she be hiding some feelings of her own?
What does it take to conquer the world?! Every leader of the past has thought of it... but all they have done was to merely dream of its greatness. World domination... nobody has been able to achieve it. Until one little girl by the name of Kate Hoshimiya came along. Kate Hoshimiya will shock the world! How was she able to carry out such a magnificent stunt? So frightful! So glorious! Could this be... the Zvezda Plot?! Let the light of our great Zvezda shine upon this land far and wide! (Source: Aniplex USA)
Clumsy, below average intellect, and shy – these are some of the traits that Inari Fushimi possesses. Despite her shortcomings, she is very considerate of others. She can't ignore anyone's plea for help! She also has a long time crush on Kouji Tanbabashi, who she admires for being cheerful and always hardworking. The problem is, Inari's incurable shyness makes it difficult to express her feelings for Kouji. Inari, Konkon, Koi Iroha starts with Inari taking a shortcut to her school. She happens to see a fox pup that's about to fall in the river. Although she's running late, she just can't ignore the pup. Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami, the god of the Inari Shrine, is thankful for Inari's kindness toward the young fox, who turns out to be a familiar named Kon. To show her gratitude to Inari, she fulfills one of Inari's wishes, but the fulfillment of the wish only invites trouble. To compensate, Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami bestows Inari a small part of her divine power that gives Inari the ability to transform into anyone at will. Inari now possesses a power of a god, even if it's just a small portion. Otherworldly beings suddenly take an interest in her, for better or worse. What kind of adventure awaits Inari, and will she be able to tell Kouji everything that she has kept in her heart for so long?
As the new semester begins at Ooezo Agricultural High School, Hachiken is now used to the tough lifestyle of a rural, agricultural high school. While Hachiken still wonders what he will do in the future, he continues to discover both the harsh and the beautiful realities of the countryside. (Source: ANN)
Takeru continues his education at Tenbi Academy as part of the newly formed Security Committee. As a team with the other members, they battle unscrupulous individuals who use their Maken for evil purposes. In the meantime, his libido and the conflicting romantic interests of the girls surrounding him complicate matters considerably. (Source: ANN)
Hell is a bureaucracy, and business is running smoother than ever thanks to the demonic efficiency of Hoozuki, chief deputy to Lord Enma, the King of Hell. Whether offering counsel to the Momotarou of Japanese folklore or receiving diplomatic missions from the Judeo-Christian Hell, the demon who runs the show from behind the king's imposing shadow is ready to beat down any challenges coming his way into a bloody pulp. Metaphorically, of course... The poster boy for micromanagement and armed with negotiation skills worthy of Wall Street, Hoozuki no Reitetsu follows the sadistic and level-headed Hoozuki as he spends his days troubleshooting hell. With an abundance of familiar faces from popular Japanese legends and East Asian mythology working middle management positions, this referential and anachronistic dark comedy brings new meaning to the phrase "employer liability." Just how hard could it be to manage employees from hell, anyway? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two planets, one to the East and another to the West, were once bound together by a chain called the Dragon Stream. But now, that chain is broken and the two halves are only joined in war. Nobunaga the Fool is heir to the Eastern Country of Owari. Regarded as too foolish and carefree by many, including his friends, Nobunaga is thought to be a nuisance even by his father. A girl from the West named Jeanne Kaguya d'Arc has visions of a "Savior-King." She is accompanied by Leonardo da Vinci as she journeys to the Eastern Planet in search of the person in her visions. Leonardo and Jeanne quickly fall victim to a military confrontation between powerful mecha, only to be saved by Nobunaga. Nobunaga takes control of Leonardo's mecha, intending to warn his family of the siege he suspects. Jeanne suspects that the lackadaisical Nobunaga might be the Savior-King she's envisioned. 
In order to uncover the "end of the sky," as spoken of in ancient mythology, Kal-el Albus is sent to Isla, an island in the sky. There he attends Cadoques High's Aerial Division, where he enjoys a carefree life with his schoolmates. That is...until a surprise attack by the air tribe drags Isla into a bloody war. (Source: NIS America)
The story revolves around Tomoya Mizuhara, a 13-year-old boy who suddenly gains a big sister when his father remarries. 17-year-old Ichika is a little strange, and her affection for Tomoya is rather overwhelming, if not scary. On top of things, Ichika's friend Ruri is the ultimate sadist. Then there is Ichika's big-breasted quarter-Japanese friend Marina. (Source: ANN)
When ordinary high school student Aoba Watase is suddenly targeted by a giant robot known as a "Valiancer," he is saved by his mysterious classmate Hina Yumihara. After revealing that she and their robotic enemy are from the future, Hina suddenly propels Aoba 70 years forward in order to prevent his death. Upon arrival, Aoba finds himself in the cockpit of a Valiancer called "Luxon," stuck in the midst of a firefight between the military forces of the Free Pact Alliance (FPA) and Zogilia Republic. After he shows high compatibility with an FPA pilot named Dio Weinberg, the two perform a successful "coupling," allowing them to share experiences and subsequently increase their capabilities and skills. Although Aoba is able to survive this unexpected battle, he is taken into custody by the FPA ship Cygnus, who wishes to interrogate him. While the student's main concern is whether he will ever be able to return home, what he doesn't realize is that he is about to get caught up in a war to protect the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Super Sonico is a clutzy, adorable, and well-endowed 18-year old girl. She's a complete sucker for anything cute, especially stray cats, all of which she giddily adopts. However, though Sonico should be enjoying a carefree and simple lifestyle as a young college student, her life is really anything but easy: she must balance being a professional model, working part-time at her grandmother's restaurant, and practicing guitar and performing concerts with her friends Suzu Fujimi and Fuuri Watanuki in their band, First Astronomical Velocity—all while attending college. SoniAni: Super Sonico the Animation follows Sonico as she faces daunting challenges in her search for her place in the world, even when her days are brimming with love and happiness. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shio Ogura is a Japanese high school student, who is visiting Taiwan on a school trip when she is suddenly attacked by monsters. Agents known as "E-Gene Holders" from the government agency DOGOO also arrive, who wield weapons infused with the spirits of historical figures. Shio is revealed to also be an E-Gene Holder when the soul of Oda Nobunaga awakens after she tries to rescue a friend. (Source: Wikipedia)
The story takes place in Tokyo in 2018, where normal humans and those who can use magic coexist. As a result, there are laws against using magic, and a "magic courtroom" exists to preside over lawsuits regarding magic use. In these cases, "Benmashi" or wizard barristers defend those who use magic. The anime follows Cecil, the youngest Benmashi in history, and her associates as they defend clients in these cases. (Source: ANN)
On Christmas 2013, the band Wake Up, Girls plays their debut song to a small audience without much fanfare. After the concert, the group’s manager takes off with the money, leaving Green Leaves Entertainment on the verge of closure and the band without a future. Despite this tumultuous beginning, the girls get a second chance, thanks to a mysterious benefactor and a shady business proposal. From here it’s a rocky climb to the top, but it’s a climb the girls are ready to make. Wake Up, Girls! follows the internal and external struggles of being a small-time idol girl band, from finding and accepting gigs to competing in popularity against other pop bands. Through the band, the girls come to accept their pasts and become more certain about their futures. Faced with increasing stakes and popularity, each of the band’s seven members must find the strength and courage inside herself to give her all to the band.
The story is set in the not-so-distant future. Five "Black Points" suddenly appeared around the world as portals to parallel worlds. Immediately after, strange creatures began their invasion from these portals. These creatures are the inhabitants of five worlds—the same worlds in different timeframes. In order to ensure their own future timeframe survives, each of the five invasion forces battle to wipe the other future timeframes out. The key is one card-shaped device. (Source: ANN)
Kou comes to a slum neighborhood in search of his elder brother Takumi and finds him to have become the head of a private detective firm. Kou is drafted by Takumi to do errands and chores in the detective firm, and they come to meet various interesting people... (Source: MAL News)
Sequel to the Saki series covering the Inter High School Mahjong Championships.
Himeji Wakaba is a 5th year elementary school student, and she has the ability to see things that others can't. They are mostly frightening evil spirits, and they tend to do bad things to people who are close to her. As a result, Wakaba has no friends and rarely smiles. On a couple of occasions, she brings home stray animals, but her parents won't let her keep them. However, they're worried about their sad, creepy daughter, so one day they decide that whatever Wakaba brings home next, they'll let her keep. The next thing she brings home is a pink monster called "Pupipo", but her parents stand by their decision and let her keep it. No one is quite sure what Pupipo is, but it protects Wakaba from the other things she sees. Pupipo also helps Wakaba make friends with an occult-obsessed transfer student and solve problems with bullying. Wakaba's life is a much better place with her pet pink monster! (Source: MangaHelpers)
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Go! Go! 575 adapts the Project 575 games for PlayStation Vita and iOS, which allow anyone to create songs using the traditional Japanese 5-7-5-syllable meter found in haiku and tanka poems. (Source: ANN)
In the story, the Illusionary Empire led by Queen Mirage has begun attacking Earth. The Precure teams that are on every continent of the world fend off the rampaging Saiaaku, and word spreads on global television news about the Precure girls who fight for humanity. "Precure" becomes a common word throughout the world. (Source: ANN)
Information show featuring two female characters that separated from Logicoma (Logiko and Comako), voiced by Miyuki Sawashiro. A short anime called "Kabushiki Gaisha: Kyuuka" featuring Motoko (voiced by Maaya Sakamoto) as the employer of a company aired between episodes 4 to 14.
An adaptation of the Future Card Buddyfight card game. Future Card Buddyfight takes place in a more futuristic version of today. The card game connects to a parallel universe through special cards (Buddy Rare Cards) that act as portals. They bring monsters to Earth in order for them to become buddies with humans. Through friendship and courage, they take on and fight challenges, known as Buddyfights, where people of all ages have friendly non-hurtful competitions. The main character, Gaou Mikado has just started Buddyfighting. As the story progresses, Buddyfights are seeming to become a little too real...
Second season of Wooser no Sono Higurashi.
Characters from various games released by Falcom (e.g. Dragon Slayer, The Legend of Heroes, and Ys series) come together in a school.
Second season of Tesagure! Bukatsumono.
The children's anime revolves around Velonica, a high-handed and ultra-selfish little alien girl on the Galaxy Network, who begins to cause havoc on Earth. After a "fated encounter" with an Earthling boy, Velonica wavers between a possible budding romance with the boy and her dedication to the arts. (Source: ANN)
CGI ramen bowls that look like cats but have the personalities of high school girls talk about every day life things that involve ramen. The opening and ending sequence features them as 2D anime cat-girls with naruto accessories even though they are not represented as such in the actual show.
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Hiyori's grandmother died. To stop her crying all day and every day, Hiyori's father built a humanoid robot called Washimo, that looks like her granny, complete with dentures. It walks faster than a snail but slower than a rhinoceros beetle; in fact, however, it can outrun a bullet train. (Source: ANN) 
A parody of Flanders no Inu that has Parasche being a key-activated mecha robot who fights the antagonists. 
Assistant Detective Rascal travels around the world with Uncle Po to check various mysteries.
High above the clouds, meat-loving Zeushi-kun is the prince of 'Nikuniku Land'! He and his pal Minota think about meat every day! (Oh, they like veggies too.) Right now, they're freeloading down on the surface with the Miito family so they can discover all sorts of tasty domestic meat products. With lively scenes of delicious meat lined up across the Miito family's dinner table, the anime presents the wonders of livestock and agricultural products, with an emphasis on domestic meat, in a fun and easy to understand way.
47 Todoufuken R" is based on the anime "47 Todoufuken," which aired in 2011, but with new characters in 3D. The "ken" in "Todoufuken" is a play on the words "prefecture" and "dog" since it can mean both words.
Based on the upcoming "Underground Princess" idol role playing game for mobile devices.
A shadow painting anime about a timid giraffe named Noop and his hedgehog companion named Harry as they travel their distant star world helping each other.
The fifth season of Pororo with a focus more on racing.
Five anthropomorphic animal friends bond over their ukulele training.
There is a mysterious power of the Holy Spirit hidden in the legendary continent of Labelle, and the way to get power is recorded in the book of flower, guard by numerous flower Fairy Kings,only the legendary magic ambassador is recognized to wake up the power, and use them to defeat evil. For this.The evil force,led by Jakarta,the Queen of Dark had start a war to the continent of Labelle.With the help of the Flower Goddess,Pupula and the tribe of gouring flower fairys, the fate of the continent of Labelle is linked with an Earth girl... Who is the legendary envoy XiaAnAn. (Source: Magical Girl Wiki)
The third season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After the murder of her father, Ryuuko Matoi has been wandering the land in search of his killer. Following her only lead—the missing half of his invention, the Scissor Blade—she arrives at the prestigious Honnouji Academy, a high school unlike any other. The academy is ruled by the imposing and cold-hearted student council president Satsuki Kiryuuin alongside her powerful underlings, the Elite Four. In the school's brutally competitive hierarchy, Satsuki bestows upon those at the top special clothes called "Goku Uniforms," which grant the wearer unique superhuman abilities.  Thoroughly beaten in a fight against one of the students in uniform, Ryuuko retreats to her razed home where she stumbles across Senketsu, a rare and sentient "Kamui," or God Clothes. After coming into contact with Ryuuko's blood, Senketsu awakens, latching onto her and providing her with immense power. Now, armed with Senketsu and the Scissor Blade, Ryuuko makes a stand against the Elite Four, hoping to reach Satsuki and uncover the culprit behind her father's murder once and for all.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
In the blink of an eye, thirty thousand bewildered Japanese gamers are whisked from their everyday lives into the world of the popular MMORPG, Elder Tale, after the game's latest update—unable to log out. Among them is the socially awkward college student Shiroe, whose confusion and shock lasts only a moment as, a veteran of the game, he immediately sets out to explore the limits of his new reality. Shiroe must learn to live in this new world, leading others and negotiating with the NPC "natives" in order to bring stability to the virtual city of Akihabara. He is joined by his unfortunate friend Naotsugu, having logged in for the first time in years only to find himself trapped, and Akatsuki, a petite but fierce assassin who labels Shiroe as her master. A tale of fantasy, adventure, and politics, Log Horizon explores the elements of gaming through the eyes of a master strategist who attempts to make the best of a puzzling situation. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Due to a tragic accident, Banri Tada is struck with amnesia, dissolving the memories of his hometown and past. However, after befriending Mitsuo Yanagisawa, he decides to move on and begin a new life at law school in Tokyo. But just as he is beginning to adjust to his college life, the beautiful Kouko Kaga dramatically barges into Banri's life, and their chance meeting marks the beginning of an unforgettable year.  After having a glimpse of college life, Banri learns that he is in a new place and a new world – a place where he can be reborn, to have new friends, fall in love, makes mistakes and grow. And as he begins to discover who he was, the path he has chosen leads him towards a blindingly bright life that he will never want to forget. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt—a mysterious country ruled by magicians—to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin's words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively. Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the Interhigh Championship finally over, Seirin's basketball team refocuses their efforts, training harder than ever to get the chance to participate in the Winter Cup. Both Kuroko and Kagami see old friends walk back into their lives, providing a challenge both on and off the court. As new skills are developed and new alliances created, enemies from various teams—giants of high school basketball such as Yousen, Shuutoku and Touou—stand in the way of Seirin's steadfast attempts to get to the top. All of these schools prove to be formidable foes whose abilities progress exponentially, while Kuroko struggles to find a balance between his resolve to play as part of a team and his desire to win.  With old wounds reopening, new challenges to face on the court, and a new set of foes—the "Uncrowned Kings"—vowing to defeat the new hopefuls, will Seirin ever be able to achieve their dream of beating the Generation of Miracles? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kojou Akatsuki's days as an ordinary high school student in the Demon District of Itogami Island come to an abrupt end after a fateful encounter leaves him with the remarkable abilities of a vampire. It isn't long before he is thrust into the center of attention when it is discovered that he is the fourth primogenitor, an immensely powerful vampire whom most consider to be merely a legend. Fearing Kojou's destructive potential, the Lion King Organization sends in an apprentice sword-shaman, Yukina Himeragi, to monitor, and should he become a threat, kill the boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire. Forced together by circumstance, the two form an unlikely alliance as Kojou comes to terms with his abilities and they both struggle to protect the city from various emerging chaotic forces. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Long ago, all humans lived beneath the sea. However, some people preferred the surface and abandoned living underwater permanently. As a consequence, they were stripped of their god-given protection called "Ena" which allowed them to breathe underwater. Over time, the rift between the denizens of the sea and of the surface widened, although contact between the two peoples still existed. Nagi no Asu kara follows the story of Hikari Sakishima and Manaka Mukaido, along with their childhood friends Chisaki Hiradaira and Kaname Isaki, who are forced to leave the sea and attend a school on the surface. There, the group also meets Tsumugu Kihara, a fellow student and fisherman who loves the sea. Hikari and his friends' lives are bound to change as they have to deal with the deep-seated hatred and discrimination between the people of sea and of the surface, the storms in their personal lives, as well as an impending tempest which may spell doom for all who dwell on the surface. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Onmyoudou magic was once a powerful technique used by the Japanese during the second World War in order for them to gain the upper hand and establish their nation as a formidable force. But Japan was quickly defeated after the revered onmyouji Yakou Tsuchimikado caused the "Great Spiritual Disaster," an event which plagues Tokyo to this very day. As a result of this mishap, the Onmyou Agency was established in order to exorcise further spiritual disasters and combat the demons that would make their way into the world. Now, Onmyoudou has become far more modern, simplified, and refined for use in a wide variety of applications such as medicine and technology. However, not everyone is able to utilize the magic, as is the case with Harutora, a member of the Tsuchimikado's branch family. Despite an old promise to protect Natsume, the heir of the Tsuchimikado's main family and Yakou's supposed reincarnation, as her familiar, Harutora has no talent and chooses to live a normal life instead. But when a prominent member of the Onmyou Agency attempts to recreate the same experiment which led to Japan's downfall, he decides to make good on his word and fight by Natsume's side. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sakamichi Onoda is a cheerful otaku looking to join his new school's anime club, eager to finally make some friends. Unfortunately, the club has been disbanded and he takes it upon himself to revive it by finding students who are willing to join. Without much luck, Onoda decides to make a round trip to Akihabara on his old, bulky city bicycle, a weekly 90-kilometer ride he has been completing since fourth grade.  This is when he meets fellow first year student, Shunsuke Imaizumi, a determined cyclist who is using the school's steep incline for practice. Surprised by Onoda's ability to climb the hill with his specific type of bicycle, Imaizumi challenges him to a race, with the proposition of joining the anime club should Onoda win. And thus begins the young boy's first foray into the world of high school bicycle racing! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Japanese Featherweight Champion Makunouchi Ippo has defended his title belt once more with the help of his devastating signature move: the Dempsey Roll. However, new challengers are rising up left and right, claiming to have an answer for the move responsible for crushing his opponents. Will Ippo be able to step up to the challenge, or will the weight of his pride destroy him before he finds out just what it means to be strong? Meanwhile, fellow Kamogawa Gym mate Aoki Masaru is just a hop, skip, and a Frog Punch away from claiming his own belt, ready to take on the Japanese Lightweight Champion! Hajime no Ippo: Rising continues Ippo's quest to become stronger, featuring the same cast of loveable dimwits from Kamogawa Gym, as they put their bodies and hearts on the line to make their way in the harsh world of professional boxing. With a will of iron, Ippo steps into the ring once again. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars. Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"A hero will never give up, never hide, never be defeated and never accept evil!" Firmly believing these words, Masayoshi Hazama has been obsessed with superhero shows since childhood. By day, he earns his living as a famous model, and by night, he becomes the gallant hero Samurai Flamenco. Armed with only his superhero costume, he seeks to bring justice to the city and faces anybody who tries to break the law—even rebellious juveniles and people who litter on the street. Masayoshi's heroic antics later catch the attention of the public, leading to the fateful discovery of his identity by policeman Hidenori Gotou. Although initially telling Masayoshi to leave the crime-busting activities to the police, Gotou ends up joining him in his antics. However, things soon escalate from preventing littering and petty thefts to bizarre adventures that involve even the fate of the world. Together with their newfound comrades, Masayoshi and Gotou embark on a battle with the world and themselves in order to find the true meaning of being a hero—with or without superpowers. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A year after the devastating battle against the formidable Zhao, the State of Qin has returned its focus to pursuing King Ying Zheng's ambition of conquering the other six states and unifying China. Their next target is Wei, a smaller state which stands as a geographic stepping stone for the sake of conquest. Li Xin, now a three hundred man commander of the swiftly rising Fei Xin Unit, continues to seek out lofty achievements in order to garner recognition for himself and his soldiers, motivated by those previously lost in battle. In the preliminary battles ahead of Qin's invasion of Wei, Xin finds competition in other young commanders who are of a higher social status than him. Back in Qin, the royal palace faces turmoil as opposing factions begin to make their move against Ying Zheng's regime. With their hands full both abroad and at home, Zheng and Xin must lead the way in this era of unending war, resolved to etch their names in history by creating a unified China. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Though Gundam Plastic Models, better known as Gunpla, exploded in popularity with the release of the anime series Mobile Suit Gundam, their presence faded before resurging with a new purpose. Through the power of Plavsky particles, fans are now able to pit their Gunpla against others in a virtual reality-style battle with the best competing at the annual Gunpla World Tournament.  Sei Iori, whose father was a once finalist in the competition, dreams of one day conquering the contest himself. However, while Sei is an expert Gunpla builder, he lacks the prowess to effectively fight his creations during actual battle. In comes Reiji, a mysterious boy who is curiously ignorant of society but quickly demonstrates to Sei tremendous ability in Gunpla battles. The two boys decide to combine their strengths in order to sweep the Gunpla World Tournament and take the Gunpla world by storm. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
The god of war and guardian of his namesake planet, Mars, was once sealed away by Seiya, but time has passed and his revival is at hand. Meanwhile, Saori Kido (Athena) is raising the boy Kouga, whose life Seiya saved, and he's been training every day to become a Saint in order to prepare for the coming crisis...  Unaware of his destiny, when Kouga awakens to the power of his Cosmo hidden inside him, the curtain will rise upon the legend of a new Saint. (Source: ANN)
"Are puzzles really necessary in this world?" In order to restore Jin's memory, Kaito and his friends go on a puzzle-viewing journey to England. As they're walking through the underground maze beneath the church, where young Kaito and Rook first met Jin, a mysterious girl appears in front of them. Jin calls the girl by the name "Raetsel". It seems they know each other. However, she suddenly disappears and takes Jin with her. What's more, the traps in the underground maze are activated and start coming after Kaito and his friends. (Source: www9.nhk.or.jp)
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After fighting to free the game of soccer in Japan from the Fifth Sector, the country's soccer squads can once again look forward to stepping onto the field. However, a new challenge will emerge for Japanese players in the form of the Football Frontier International Vision 2, a new tournament that will bring together the best teams each country can assemble. Tenma Matsukaze and his Raimon teammates, Takuto Shindou and Kyousuke Tsurugi, are once again part of the action as they have been selected to play for the Japanese representative, Inazuma Japan. Much to their surprise, the coach selects eight other players that have no previous experience playing soccer! Team Inazuma Japan will have a huge mountain to climb, building chemistry and skills as they go along. What they don’t know is that the tournament will set the stage for something much bigger, something out of this world in Inazuma Eleven Go: Galaxy!
The continuation of Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.  A new enemy has been revealed - Barian. They wish to gather the "Numbers" and destroy the Astral World to avoid their own world's destruction. As such, Yuma and his friends are their prime target, and the Barian begin to slowly enter Heartland City.
A few months have passed since the VF Circuit, and Aichi is now in High School. However Aichi is in a different high school than most of his friends, a high school where the instructors focus on looking towards the future. One day Aichi admits he thinks Cardfight can be a future people can believe in, but in order to prove it Aichi must use his new deck, a deck in which Royal Paladins and Gold Paladins are combined as one force. Slowly but surely Aichi must gain friends through Cardfighting and help his new team win the newly formed high school cardfighting championships. (Source: ANN)
Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now? (Source: PocketScans)
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Naru Ayase is an 8th grader who can see the colors of music when she listens to it. For Naru, who is extremely good at decorating, becoming the owner of a shop like Dear Crown was her dream. One day, she finds out that the manager of a newly-opened shop is recruiting middle school girls who can do Prism Dance, and immediately applies. Naru begins to Prism Dance at the audition, and an aura she's never experienced spreads out in front of her. At that moment, a mysterious girl named Rinne asks her if she can see "rainbow music." (Source: ANN)
Kurotori Chiyoko, a 5th-grader in elementary school, loves the occult. One day, a friend requests her to do a love fortune-telling. Chiyoko tries to summon Cupid, but thanks to a stuffy nose, accidentally summons a witch named Gyubid instead! From that day on, Chiyoko starts learning witchcraft from Gyubid, the self-proclaimed hottest instructor of the magic world. The training regimen is tough, and punishment for slacking is harsh. Fortunately, Chiyoko is able to keep her extra-curricular studies secret, aided by the fact that no one else can see Gyubid. (Source: AnimeNfo.com)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The series focuses on the main heroine Chiari Tsukikage and her friends on managing the Jewelpet Cafe. One day at the magical world of Jewel Land, Lady Jewelina entrusted Ruby the Magical Jewel Box with a mission to make friends and collect Magic Jewels. At the same time she needs to attend the Jewel Academy to do so and open a shop called the Jewelpet Cafe. However with her friends, things didn't go well as planned with several failed mishaps happened to her and the students being scared, in the point of Ruby giving up. But when she met a young girl named Chiari Tsukikage and decides to help, Ruby's life is about to change forever. Now, she and her friends now must work together for the cafe to prosper, stick together through good and bad luck as well as protecting the Jewel Box from being stolen. (Source: Jewelpet Wikia)
In the year 2047, mankind discovered a rare metal ore called "Gaimetal", which possessed a huge amount of energy, and mining for these strange metal ore begins all over the world. However, in 2075, humankind were been constantly attacked by Gaist, a race of metallic creatures whose bodies were encrusted with Gaimetal, thus forming the GCG (also known as "Gaist Crusher Garrison"), an organization tasked with dealing against the Gaist. In 2064, the GCG send out mankind's line of defense: the Gaist Crushers, humans who can wear a special Gaimetal armor called "Gaist Gear", and battle the Gaist,as well as the threat opposed by a mysterious organization called "Erasers". (Source: Wikipedia)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Rei is an adventurer called a "Card Quester." He wishes to collect strong cards scattered throughout space, and battle with his rivals unfold. Soon enough, he will discover what happened to his own past. 
1,000 years after Princess Mikoto's era, all hunters have been sealed into cards due to a certain incident in the past. Adventurous boy Hagan becomes the key to freeing these sealed hunters, and travels along with his friends to find these cards, sometimes facing treacherous battles. (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
The story follows the daily life of a group of birds, including a duck, an old nihilistic great grey owl, and a gluttonous Caique parrot. (Source: ANN)
Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series.
In this series the story continues after Katta Kirifuda defeats the YA.RA.SI band and also gains back his popularity by defeating Leo and his sidekick Nai Minamimo. In this series Katta will use a new race of Outrage creatures against the opposing new race of Oracle deck users. Also in the creature world a new time era will start off. (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
It's a heartwarming and sometimes nonsense comedy about an elementary school boy Tomoo Kinoshita.
Continuation of the gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business.  (Source: ANN) 
This is a series of animated flash-shorts produced on NTV's ZIP!, set to replace ZIP!'s previous anime parody short Ohayou Ninja-tai Gatchaman. Mazinger ZIP! features the same characters from the original Mazinger Z series involved in a series of small comedic sketches. Some episodes have the Gatchaman team make an appearance. (Source: Mazinger Wiki)
Featuring characters from NHN's popular app such as Moon, Brown, Connie, James, Jessica, and Sally living happily together in Line Town. 
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The kingdom of Gemini is attacked by the evil Queen Halle. The twin princesses of the kingdom are missing, so is the important Night Star Box, which has affected planets including Earth. The fairy Queen had sent Prince You Le and Sally to Earth, looking for the Night Star Box with the help of Maggie and Michelle. Then the gang found out one of the girls who takes dance lessons with Maggie and Michelle is one of the missing princesses, Bei Bei! The mission to find the Night Star Box and the the still missing princess, Ya Ya, is now on the shoulder of the fairies. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia, edited)
How did Asia's most prominent entrepreneurs know when to grasp opportunities? And how did they overcome difficulties and attain their positions of power? This series uses the unconventional technique of blending actual documentary footage with CG animation to get a close-up look into the front lines and what lies behind the scenes of Asian business. Our cartoon host is Shima Kosaku, a character from a popular Japanese business manga. He delves into the heart of the Asian economic market representing 4 billion people, to visit entrepreneurs who have survived turbulent times. Thai business magnate, Dhanin Chearavanont (Chairman of CP Group), and innovative Taiwanese semiconductor entrepreneur, Morris Chang (Chairman of TSMC), are among the many movers and shakers to be featured. Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the dramatic lives of these media-shy business titans. (Source: Official Site)
In the new series, Miraitchi and Kururutchi, twin sisters who dream of becoming designers, travel from the future back in time to modern-day Dream Town. (Their names are a wordplay on the Japanese words for "future" and "miracle.") To get back to the future, they must collect all eight Dreambakutchi — mysterious Tamagotchi who have escaped throughout the town. Mametchi joins Miraitchi and Kururutchi on their mission to find the Dreambakutchi, but then, an enigmatic Tamagotchi named X-Kamen (X-Mask) appears.  (Sourse: ANN)
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
Wada transfers from the Kansai region to the Toukai region in middle school. The story follows his new set of friends as their fivesome enjoy their everyday lives. All the characters' are names are based on Chunichi Dragons baseball team which is located in the Toukai region.
Sequel to the previous season.
As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created. (Source: GGO Football Website)
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN)
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Third season of Boonie Bears. Having had a taste of carnival life in town, the Bear Brothers return to the forest to start anew. But aside from the joy of meeting old friends, the bears must again cope with the dull-but-driven Logger Vick! That shiny-pated villain is determined to crush their renewed efforts to protect the forest they love. If he can dispatch the Bear Brothers, Vick will realize his evil dream of riches through total destruction of the forest. Fortunately the Brothers and their friends have a forest full of surprises in store for him! Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy features Briar and Bramble Bear doing what they do best: creating non-stop laughs for kids around the world! (Source: Official website)
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
(No synopsis yet.)
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Special introduction videos posted on the official website.
noitaminA's 10th anniversary commemoration short special.
A picture drama "trailer" released on Enterbrain's official YouTube channel, the publisher of the Overlord light novel. It promotes the deluxe edition of the 6th light novel volume that people can purchase which has the full audio drama released on CD included.  The drama is about the Pleiades gather together for a tea break. Here, they discuss their recent missions and their dedication to Ainz Ooal Gown. (Source: Overlord Wiki)
One day, a group of aliens planning to take over the Earth invade Tokyo. Momoko, who aspires to be an idol, gets involved in the ensuing fight, albeit in an unexpected manner. Warudemon, king of the alien empire, uses various tactics to hunt down Momoko and the people around her. Momoko decides to stand up against this aggression. Wonder Momo was originally an arcade game released in 1987. A fairly simplistic (by today's standards) side-scrolling beat 'em up game, featuring a transforming, hoop-wielding heroine. (Source: MAL News)
Animated movie of the popular online multi-player double gun action game Gunslinger Stratos 2 which was streamed on the official YouTube channel of Square Enix.
A lost form of magic is revived from the Eastern Han dynasty, meanwhile, dangerous man eating monsters lurk the streets. What will stop these beasts from their mindless terror?  (Source: Happy Potato Translations)
It is Tokyo, Japan in the year 2017, just three years before the city's hosting of the 2020 Olympic Games. Throughout the city, the Shutoko metropolitan highway system is being dismantled and renovated, and new areas and facilities are being constructed, all at a feverish pace to complete the work in time for the Games. The Hyuga Corporation—a massive firm that succeeded in pioneering the practical use of artificial muscle fibers—is launching numerous products that supplement human muscle functions, and is in the midst of a massive surge in profits. At its headquarters on National Route 246 in Tokyo's Gaien-mae district, Hyuga Corp. was secretly developing a powered suit that gave people with just an average level of physical fitness the superior skills and abilities of a very select group of professional athletes. This was all a part of the company's plan to completely dominate their competitors and monopolize the industry. Dan Amo works at the General Affairs department of Hyuga Corp. By day, he is a nondescript salaryman, but at night, he relishes the sense of fulfillment his motorcycling lifestyle brings him. However, when night comes to Route 246, a group of mysterious riders in black suits frequently appear, and a freelance journalist, Makina Mikage, is always on their tail. Another figure appears on the scene in Kotaro Hyuga, the heir to the Hyuga Corp. presidency. The threads of an inescapable fate begin to draw these three young riders together... (Source: Yamaha site)
Microsoft's promotional anime for Windows Azure featuring the OS-tan Claudia Madobe.
(No synopsis yet.)
A darkly cute tale of foiled romance and contract assassinations starring Tuzki (兔斯基). (Source: AniDB)
Nanocore is a science fiction Chinese cartoon in 3D. The stage of the story is established on a fictional planet Birthigin. In this young planet, humanity will never stop longing for a bright future despite reason and fear. In revolutions and evolutions, humanity keeps challenging the Creator, and which eventually induces contractions intensified. People choose to wake up and struggle for their own ideals. They end the peace and angers sweep the whole planet, resulting in outbreak of the crisis known as Purple Fog. In time of humans facing their odds of survival, the plan N.S.P led by the elite keeps frustrating until NanoCore's involving. It brings the plan his birth. As the existence, that the elite thinks should lead the development of human weapons, however, he breaks shackles of fate, and arrives at a land where faith no longer exists. He learns to make choices and grows up with them, and the dim future of Birthigin thus begins to change. (Source: Nanocore Tumblr)
In 20XX C.E., a mysterious alien race named Firow suddenly appears on Earth. The Firow's dreadful attacks force humanity to engage in a difficult battle. But humanity's last hope, the X Maiden who wear weapons built to destroy the Firow, are about to set out. (Source: ANN)
Short animation by Rapparu.
A web exclusive sequel episode shown on the official Bakugan youtube channel where the Invaders are the last boss.
In the late 90's, in China, Tu Xiaoyi, an high school student, takes no interest in marks and prefers to play video games with his friend nicknamed "Peanut." One day, he was chosen by his teacher to become the class representative with Yao Zhetian, a very cute girl. He will experience his first love and disappointments.
A high school basketball player finds himself short of breath due to his smoking.
Channel 5.5's first series of spoofs parodies Kindaichi Case Files. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The newlyweds have moved to the Kansai region! For now they've settled down, but their room is still a huge mess. They also realize that they've been wasting a lot of electricity, and they begin to ponder ways to cut back on their bills... (Source: Anime Bancho)
A collaboration promotion between the Ponkotsu Quest anime and the 2013 Gatchaman live action film's release on DVD/BD March 5, 2014. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Little Yeyos are seven little spirits living in the mythological Chinese spirit world who wander about only at night. The little intern is always the one who gets ignored and taunted, including today, when he gets kicked out of bed by the female Yeyo to turn off the alarm clock. But the discovery of a mysterious dot of light changes things...if only for a little while. (Source: Official Youtube page)
Shorts about pandas with stretchy and gummy cheeks just like mochi.
Spin-off series of Zombie Clay Animation: Life of the Dead.
Zundamaru is back... For now! Even without missions, we elite ninjas face grave dangers every day! (Anime Bancho)
Original 3D Animated shorts from The Answerstudio.
Episode 0 of Momon's Sandwitch.
A collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope, Taka no Tsume, and TOHO Cinemas.
Ponkotsu Quest web specials are not a part of the original series' episode count. They contain original footage and dialogue. Most of the DVD announcement specials are excluded from this entry due to no new footage.
The story takes place in rural Japan, during a idyllic summer. The innocence of youth… informed by a depraved modern world. (Source: AniDB)
A collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope and two of Shiseido's product lines: Anessa and Fullmake Washable Base (FWB). These episodes were included on the 6th DVD of Kamiusagi Rope: Warau Asa ni wa Fukuraitaru tte Maji ssuka!? as episode 23 and 24 released on March 18, 2015.
Truffe is a clockwork spring bear who wishes that one day he may move himself.
Bundled with the limited editions of the 10th and 11th volumes of the manga. 10th volume DVD adapts the 25th chapter of the manga. 11th volume DVD adapts the popular cherry blossom-viewing arc. (Source: MAL News)
During a winter walk, Natsume meets a snowman youkai who is searching for something she's lost and can't seem to recall and decides to help her despite not knowing what exactly she's looking for.
Tatsuko of class 5-1 is really excited about the upcoming school sports festival, her proposal for a new "Eel Scooping" event is less than enthusiastically received though, especially by Suzuka. Illya mentions the main event dance to Miyu, and as teacher Taiga Fujimura points out, it entails a huge reward, but will require quite a bit of practice. And so the close friends: sarcastic Nanaki, level-headed Suzuka, excitable Tatsuko, energetic Illya, shy Mimi, and reserved but athletic Miyu are off to win the dance event for the honour of their class and for Fujimura, who seems to have some saucy bet going on that she most definitely needs to win, or so the girls misunderstand. (Source: AniDB)
OVA included with special edition of volume 5 of the Mikakunin de Shinkoukei manga. Mashiro and Kobeni share with each other a story from their pasts. Kobeni retells an episode of her childhood with Benio and Nadeshiko while Mashiro describes one of her days back on her home in the mountains.
Raul's sister has come all the way from Raul's home village to see her brother who has "become a hero." Raul and his fellow co-workers think its a better idea to trick his sister to thinking Raul is a real hero. (Source: Wikipedia)
OVA of Tonari no Seki-kun bundled with the fifth manga volume.
Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune: The Animation, included in the 7th BD/DVD volume.
When Kanzaki gets his first love note from a cute girl in another class, he's not sure what will happen. But the last thing he expects when he goes to meet his admirer is to get kicked in the face before he even says hello! It turns out that his admirer, Mari Setagoya, is a vampire－and not a very good one, at that. After knocking Kanzaki out and trying to suck up his blood Mari admits that she can't handle the raw taste of blood very well. But she needs to drink life energy to survive, and one bodily fluid is as good as the next when it comes down to it. Kanzaki is all-too willing to oblige, but Mari has another secret. Along with a thirst for life energy and impressive leathery wings, Mari has another special ability, one which is about to awaken thanks to Kanzaki.
Bundled with the official visual book.
Akane Niimura is bored with her high school experience. In search of some extra stimulation, she decides to join the Futa Club as a “service member.” The club is made up of futanari - hermaphrodites - who spend their club time thoroughly enjoying each other. Despite wanting to be a part of the Futa Club, Akane is actually an ordinary girl. Thanks to that, her “service” duties are restricted to letting the other members of the club have their way with her. Akane is more than willing, but will she be able to pass the entrance exam?
Everyone views the student council president as the perfect girl, but what they don't know is that her favorite thing is fellatio with her younger brother. With their parents always traveling they fulfill this desire quite often and in various ways.
The limited-edition of the 26th manga volume will include an anime adaptation of the popular special flashback chapter "Uchi ga Kita Machi" (The Town Where I Arrived). The story reveals how Haruto, Akari, and Takashi first met during childhood, and serves as a prologue to the TV anime. The 27th limited-edition manga volume will include a special anime episode produced in full cooperation with Seo Kouji. This OVA will be the animation of the end of the manga. (Volume 27 is the final volume of the long-running series.)
When the school holds a training camp, the father of the Makino family agrees to chaperone his daughters Natsume, Akira, and Fuyu. But training is not on their father's agenda. (Source: AniDB)
Full, 80-minute version of Swing Out Sisters.
Amane Todoroki is a young girl who is straightforward but also unthinking. She will try her very best in everything and say, "I don't know how to answer you if you ask me whether this can be done. I just believe it can. If not, then nothing will get started!" She easily gets stuck in her thinking, but she can also get easily moved at something small and start crying. (Source: MAL News)
Unaired episode adapted from the manga chapter "I Was Overwhelmed by Heroines."
Based on a doujin game by Orc Soft. Yuuto is living alone in an apartment complex but thanks to his neighbours Megumi, Anna and Mako he's not feeling lonely. Though he enjoys their company (and their looks) he is a bit disappointed that they always treat him as a child, not as a man. Things change on the night of his birthday when, after the party the three throw for him, Megumi tells him that as a birthday present she'll do something for him. It's the beginning of Yuuto's hot summer vacation with the three busty women... (Source: AniDB)
Makoto Kubota wandered through life, not taking things too seriously or looking too deep within himself. His job as the head of the Izumo Group's youth gang kept him pleasantly occupied with yakuza wars, mahjong and assassinations... Until the day he stumbled upon a strange drug called Wild Adapter that produces bizarre side-effects—including death. Forever changed, Kubota becomes entangled with a drifter named Minoru Tokito, and the two form an unlikely companionship that draws them deeper into the mystery of Wild Adapter... (Source: Tokyopop)
After losing his father to a house fire and his bullied sister to suicide, Ryou Tezuka searches for possible leads to these seemingly unconnected incidents. His investigation reveals the names of three high school girls—Ayano Yukawa, a gravure model; Misuzu Inami, a public entertainment actress; and Rina Tsubaki, his sister's close friend. His heart filled with vengeance, Ryou kidnaps the three girls and brings them into an abandoned building in the middle of a remote forest. He then proceeds to violate the girls individually in front of a live streaming camera, hoping to make them confess their sins to the world while uncovering the truth behind the destruction of his family.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on a game by Bishop. Ishizuka Kengo has started working as a teacher at the school he graduated from and has been given the job of taking care of the old school building until it gets demolished. While for others that task may have been troublesome for him it is an opportunity to satisfy his dark desires, and he wastes no time doing so... Ishizuka's first target is Morimiya Saki, a student at the school, but soon he also targets Saki's friend Arisa, Saki's mother Rie, and another teacher at the school—Mashima Mikako. What awaits these four at the hands of the sadistic teacher? (Source: AniDB)
An alien crashes into Amano and while fixing her body, makes her smarter, more athletic, prettier, and increases her bust size about five cups by accident. The alien then requests to monitor her, since he came to Earth to monitor humans anyway, and doesn't really do anything to her until she sees Sugiuchi and Amano get horny. The alien then manipulates Amano's body and makes her start having sex with Sugiuchi.
In Kyoto, apprentices known as maiko are skilled performers of traditional dance and song. It is said their elegance and grace leaves any audience entranced.  Mai Ichinose, Riko Kikuzuki, and Midori Aikawa are young girls who aspire to become maiko. They reside together in a geisha house to polish and perfect their skills, developing bonds of trust and supporting each other. However, their shared dream may prove disastrous for their friendship...  When they learn about an upcoming festival, they cannot help but get excited. But soon they realize only two maiko can represent each house. It is then that the three close friends become distant, seeking to prove who is most deserving of the role. Ultimately, they must choose between fulfilling their own dream—finally within reach—or keeping their treasured friendship alive.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A caddie for the student council can only put up with so many insults before he starts wanting revenge. In this case it comes in the form of blackmail, sex, and a satisfied leg fetish. 
Based on the adult manga by Midori no Ruupe.
Based on the same name adult manga by Sawaru Erect.
Based on the adult manga by Yuzuki N'.
(No synopsis yet.)
An OVA bundled with a limited-edition of the 10th and final volume of Fight Ippatsu! Juuden-chan!! manga. (Source: ANN)
Extra episode bundled with the limited edition of the 6th manga volume.
A mysterious boy with a mysterious power helps a nomad girl and her grandfather stand up against an approaching construction company that's impeding on their land.
Every person has his or her own little world. Among the 34 bustling students of classroom 2-1, there are many such worlds. Honjou Akio's world—my world—is filled with passionate talk about last night's anime with Yoshida, Watanabe, and other friends. It's a fun, comfortable place... But, I always wonder. Wonder about the world of Makina Juri, smiling and surrounded by gorgeous friends on the other side of the classroom. One day, I enter her world. But it's not as simple as it sounds. (Source: ANN)
Movie adaptation of the Sekaiichi Hatsukoi: Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai BL light novel.
Animated short with an original story that was screened alongside "Sekaiichi Hatsukoi Movie: Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai."
The film will revolve around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess. (Source: ANN)
In Wake Up, Girls! Green Leaves Entertainment is in the worst situation any Talent Management Agency can be in... they have NO talent! Desperate for an act, President Junko Tange targets the idol singer market and gives her flunky Matsuda his marching orders: get a girl group to manage, even if it means building one from scratch! Since complete singing groups rarely appear out of thin air, Matsuda's now in the difficult position of having to find girls with the right skills who don't already have contracts with Japan's music industry. That girl at the Maid Café? Good enough! A lead singer who's been fired from another group? Sure, why not? How about one who's only 13 years old? What could possibly go wrong there? They may not be on the A-list, the B-List, or even the C-list to start, but with a little love and a whole lot of hard work, it's possible that all Japan may someday wake up to the music of WAKE UP, GIRLS! (Source: Sentai Filmworks)
In the aftermath of the most devastating conflict mankind had ever experienced, the tiny island of Shikotan became part of the Sakhalin Oblast... and on the unhealed border in this remote corner of the world, friendship among children from two different countries timidly blossomed, striving to overcome language barriers and the waves of history. Inspired by true events. On August 15th, they told us we had lost the war. At that time, we did not really understand. Then one day, everything changed. Many soldiers, wearing uniforms we had never seen before, arrived on the island. That was the day I met Tanya. (Source: Production I.G)
The idols of 765 Production continue on their neverending journey—towards a new stage, towards a bright and shiny future! The girls and their producer have gone through thick and thin, and have stood face to face with all kinds of difficulties. It's time again for the girls to foster their friendship, and through great discipline, they step forward to their starry future. (Source: Official website)
Makoto Nakazono is a high school student with a small dark secret. Since he was little, he has had the mysterious power to see "black entities" that steal souls. One day, he is suddenly interrogated by one of the "black entities," Akira Seno: "Will you get in our way?" But Makoto replies with an air of resignation, "There's nothing I can do anyway, so I won't." At that moment, Makoto didn't notice the threatening shadow approaching his childhood friend Hazuki... (Source: ANN)
Second part of two Hakuouki movies.
Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins. (Source: ANN)
First-grader Masaya is a crybaby despite his large stature, so he can't walk by himself on the dark path to school. The one who holds his hand is Akiyo, a tiny but capable second-grader. Masaya wants to be strong like Akiyo and admires her, but one day, something happens that leaves Akiyo in tears. To lift Akiyo's spirits, Masaya goes trekking to the distant Ipponsugi forest to find the spotted bellflowers that Akiyo loves. (Source: ANN)
After interfering with a top secret mission, the Punisher is taken into custody by S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent and Avenger, Black Widow. At the orders of Director Nick Fury, Punisher and Black Widow are sent on a mission to stop Leviathan, a global terrorist organization that plans to sell stolen S.H.I.E.L.D. technology to the highest bidder. Now, the vigilante and spy must work together to prevent this technology from falling into the wrong hands. The fate of the world, and of the Avengers, hangs in the balance.  The Japan Blu-ray/DVD release date is September 3rd, 2014.
Pretty Cure All Stars New Stage 3: Eien no Tomodachi is the sixth of the Pretty Cure All Stars crossover movie series featuring all current Pretty Cure characters and the last of the "New Stage" film, including the 16th movie of all Pretty Cure movie series. (Source: Pretty Cure Wikia)
2500 years ago, in India, Siddhartha was born as a prince of the Shakya clan, but he gives up his position as a prince to see the world. While he travels he meets a strange boy named Assaji, who can predict the future and a monk with only one eye. Overwhelmed by the sufferings he witnesses around him, Siddhartha strives to restore peace. Meanwhile, Prince Ruri of Kosara begins his attack on the Shakya clan.  (Source: IMDB) 
There is a tiny island floating on the other side of a distant sea. Strange animals, still unknown to humans, live there. One of the island's children, Paroru, comes across a photo of the human world one day, and fascinated by this beautiful wonder, breaks the rules and rushes out of the island. Paroru and others are surprised and excited to see the human world for the first time. However, unforeseen pitfalls await them there... Can they safely reach their journey's destination? (Source: ANN)
This is a remake of the 1982 film, Doraemon: Nobita's Great Demon, which was written by original Doraemon co-creator Fujiko F. Fujio. (Source: Wikipedia)
Announced at the "Pretty Rhythm Christmas -Prism Stage- Event," the movie will compile Prism Show scenes from all three seasons. Residents of the Prism World Momo and Penguin-sensei work together to introduce various Prism Shows throughout the history of Aurora Dream, Dear My Future, and Rainbow Live. Within the many Prism Shows performed by Aira, Mia, Naru and their friends, only ten rank on top. (Source: ANN)
The 365 days animation consists of sequence of 8760 pictures, all different shape and color, hand-drawn by the director every day in 365 days. This is the ultimate analog approach by the abstract animated film creator in digital era.  (Source: IMDb)
An adventure by Il-ho the Satellite Girl and a shy cow to save the world from a black monster. "The Satellite Girl and Milk Cow" is a debuting animation by Jang Hyeong-yoon who is also known as the 'genius director' for his achievements in the omnibus movie "Indie Anibox: Selma's Protein Coffee" and others. (Source: HanCinema)
Another Ginga Tetsudou 999 movie that was screened in several Planetariums in Japan.
(No synopsis yet.)
Kamiusagi Rope episodes for TOHO Cinemas that aired between theater commercials. Most are collaborations or advertisements and they are not considered to be a part of the movie series (ie. Kamiusagi Rope, Kamiusagi Rope 2, Kamiusagi Rope 3) due to being advertisements as well as having an irregular releases. Some were shown at all TOHO Cinemas (eg. Kashiwa was shown everywhere to advertise the new Kashiwa TOHO Cinemas opening the following month) while others were regional restricted (eg. Hissawwaza was shown only in TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku in honor of the theater's grand opening as well as being a collaboration with the Godzilla franchise and Tokyo Metro's new IC Touch campaign). None of these episodes were released online at a later date nor included in any DVD release of Kamiusagi Rope.
The story begins with a car accident one rainy night on the forest highway. Logger Vick retrieves a suitcase from the scene of the accident and reveals what’s inside. From then on, peace and quiet are no longer within the forest. The lives of Vick and the bears will be forever changed, as they are thrown into the middle of a huge conspiracy. Who is behind this conspiracy? And what deeper secret does it hold? (Source: Official website)
The mystery that was left untold in the TV series will be revealed in the movie.
The story centers on Toruru, as he searches for his younger sister Haruru, through multiple dimensions with the help of the NaSuBi. This anime short features different directors for worlds Toruru visits: Dimension One: Time Master directed by Tatsuyuki Tanaka (Tojin Kit, Digital Juice) Dimension Two: Crazy Consumption directed by Sayo Yamamoto (Wooser's Hand-to-Mouth Life) Dimension Three: The Last of the Flowers directed by Tomoyuki Niho (Birdy the Mighty: Decode) Dimension Four: The Door to the Future directed by Takashi Nakamura (Catnapped! The Movie) (Source: ANN)
In fairytales, the handsome prince, with some help from friendly dwarves, always marries the beautiful princess and lives happily ever after with her. This, unfortunately, is not the case for Prince Pegasus. Due to the meddling of Dwarf Pegasus, Prince Pegasus is not only stopped from marrying his princess, but also falls from Pegasus City down to Green Green Pastures! Now, it's up to Pleasant Goat and his friends to help Prince Pegasus return to his home! As always, though, Big Big Wolf is closely following the goats...  (source: YesAsia)
Original film by Kakeru Mizui, featuring music from Masato Abe.
The entire countryside comes to a halt midday to witness a rare solar eclipse that is rumored to allow the average person to see Mushi. Unable to avert their gaze, the air is full of awe and wonder—but those who know the Mushi are preparing for the eclipse's aftermath. Based on a prediction from Tanyuu Karibusa, the cursed recorder, Mushishi Ginko finds himself in a very unlucky farming village. Immediately following the solar eclipse, a strange black cloud begins to gather in the sky and blocks the sun once more. Suspecting it to be the work of a Mushi known as Hihami, Ginko seeks to liberate the village from perpetual darkness. However, it seems that not all of the villagers are eager to return to the light. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Specials bundled with the DVD/BDs.
As college entrance examinations draw near, two students living completely different lives decide to enroll in Z-Kai, a correspondence education service. Balancing their studies with their daily lives, the two diligently work towards their goal, unaware of how much they share in common. Will their hard work pay off and bring about the success they desire? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The main additions in "Little Busters! Ecstasy" are 3 heroine routes involving the characters Futaki Kanata, Sasasegawa Sasami and Tokido Saya. The 3 EX heroines' routes take place of the following: Saya's route - Before the events of Refrain. Sasami's route - After the events of Refrain. Kanata's route - First half of her story is before Refrain and second half is after Refrain. The episodes will be bundled with the BD/DVD releases of Little Busters!: Refrain.
Specials included in BD and DVD of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Ren. "Kotatsu DE" Series
Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket Second Season (both limited and normal editions).
Bundled with the first Blu-ray and DVD volume. Hakuya wins tickets to a hot spring.
Short mini-theater specials included in the BD/DVD volumes.
Episode 13 of Kamisama no Inai Nichiyoubi, included in the final Blu-ray/DVD volume of the series. This bonus episode is separated into three parts. In the first part, taking place before the characters reach Ostia, Ai and the others visit a hot spring. In the second part, Alice remembers the times he killed his classmates and encounters Hampnie Hambart. A battle ensues. In the third and final part, Hampnie dreams of when he first met Hana and is then woken up by Ai. (Source: Wikipedia)
Special episode included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie. 
This episode shows Ichika's and Tomoya's first encounter. Episode 13 included with the Blu-ray release. 
The story revolves around a new team of "Toei robot girls" named "Team Z" that is made up of three girls based on Toei's Mazinger Z franchise: Mazinger Z, Great Mazinger, and UFO Robot Grendizer. Usually they perform in activities around Nerima ward in Tokyo to raise the awareness of the promising future energy source "Photon Power" (koushiryoku). However, there are times when "Mechanical Beast" team of girls emerge from the "Subterranean Empire" and attempt to steal the energy. Thus "Team Z" has to battle them to prevent this, though sometimes they just go and beat up the "bad girls" to relieve stress. Please note that because in this particular case MAL lists airings, not episodes/chapters/parts, this show is considered to be 3 episodes and not 9. Each of the three airings consisted of three episodes for a total runtime of 27 minutes per airing. The duration on MAL reflects this.
Ema finds a special lamp that her father left for her. Ema and the brothers rub the lamp to find that something peculiar happens in front of them. (Source: ANN)
Director's cut of episode 12 included with the BD/DVD box release. Contains about 15 minutes of new content. 
Blu-ray/DVD specials of Maken-Ki! Two.
Three episodes aired on TV as part of the Ribon x Oha Suta specials.  Akane: She's beautiful and popular, lively and full of vitality; Aoi: Looks like a small animal but is actually very clever. Who knew that these two very different people were actually... twin siblings?!  (Source: MU)  Note: Episodes were made available on the official stream few days before the official broadcast.
Tsubasa to Hotaru follows 15-year-old Tsubasa Sonokawa, a young student—and renowned stalker? After one very romantic gesture by a popular upperclassman, she falls head over heels for who she believes to be her one true love. Unfortunately, love can be deceiving, as her feelings are soon proven to be one-sided; the upperclassman directly tells her that she’s annoying and that she needs to stop bothering him. How's that for some tough love? Shortly after this horrific heartbreak, her good friend Yuri suffers from a sprained wrist, making it impossible for her to continue her position as the basketball team's manager. After some coaxing on Yuri's part, Tsubasa decides to take on the role in her place. This may be the perfect opportunity for Tsubasa to move on and forget about her unrequited love. On Tsubasa’s first day as a manager, the team’s shooting guard Aki Hidaka saves her from being hit by a ball. Is this another fateful encounter? Or just a random, meaningless event? One thing is for certain: Tsubasa’s days will never be the same again.
Three episodes aired on TV as part of the Ribon x Oha Suta specials.  Makoto is determined to step out of her model sister's shadow and have her own high school debut, but when Makoto's sister shows up at her school unexpectedly, things go awry.  (Source: MU)
Short special included in the DVD Volume 1.
Specials included in Blu-rays/DVDs of Witch Craft Works.
Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes.
Short specials included in the BD release.
Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style.
Recap of the Hamatora The Animation series narrated by Mao.
Gal game animation special included in DVD/Blu-ray Vol.8.
A picture drama special included with the Blu-Ray release of the main series. Lelouch and friends attend Milly's graduation party. (Source: Wikipedia)
Episode 1: Fuyujima ni Furu Sakura Diligent animators took Banpresto's "One Piece Cry heart ~Fuyujima ni Furu Sakura~" (One Piece Cry heart ~The Cherry Blossoms That Fall on Winter Island~) line of crane game prize figures and created a five-minute stop-motion short. The short recreates the famous "Hiluluk's Cherry Blossoms" scene from Eiichiro Oda's manga and anime One Piece.  Episode 2: Fuyujima ni Furu Sakura A stop-motion animated video for Banpresto's "One Piece Cry heart ~children's dream~" line of crane game prize figures. The short recreates the famous "Oath of Brothers" scene from Eiichiro Oda's manga and anime. Episode 3: Ace no Saigo (Source: ANN)
The story of the special revolves around the Sanada brothers in their youth. Nobuyuki and Yukimura swear to each other to protect the influential Sanada clan. However, thinking of how to best continue the Sanada clan, Yukimura makes a decision, and meets with Mitsunari Ishida and Naoe Kanetsugu at the location he arrived at. On the other hand, his elder brother Nobuyuki must worry about the selfish demands made by the Tokugawa clan. (Source: ANN)
Iris vs Ibuki! The Road to Become a Dragon Master!! is the second spin off of the Best Wishes series of the Pokémon anime. (Source: Bulbapedia)
Short specials included in the Blu-ray Box 1 & 2 of Gundam Build Fighters. Episode 1: SD Kishi Fighters First Half Episode 2: SD Kishi Fighters Second Half Episode 3: A Letter
Special included in the second of two remastered Gundam Wing Blu-ray boxes based on the novel series Gundam Wing Frozen Teardrop (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Special of Inyouchuu Etsu.
Short stories capturing the bittersweet and tender moments of everyday family life, made for Marukome Co., Ltd. a miso soup paste manufacturer.
Suntory commercials set in the alps. Shinji Rareru Mizu no Yama kara: Aso (30 sec) Oku Ouyama (30 sec) Minami Alps (30 sec) the only change in animation is the kanji on the Suntory bottles at the very end and the narrator swapping the single word from above. Since this is a very minor edit, this entry will reflect this trio as a single episode. Suntory Minami Alps no Tennensui & Asadzumi Orange: Asadzumi Orange Asa no Nioi (30 sec; a 15 sec version exists but it has no additional animation so it is not a part of the episode count) Asadzumi Orange Aratame Orange-ttara, Oishi Sugi~tsu! (15 sec) Suntory Minami Alps no Tennensui Sparkling Mizu: Sparkling Hajikeru Mon ne (15 sec) Suntory Tennensui Kakigouri: Aso (15 sec) Oku Ouyama (15 sec) Minami Alps (15 sec) the only change in animation is the kanji on the Suntory bottles at the very end once again and the narrator swapping the single word from above. Since this is a very minor edit, this entry will reflect this trio as a single episode as well. Suntory Tennensui Water Server: Kazoku no Mannaka (15 sec) Suntory Yogurina & Minami Alps no Tennensui: Yogurina Reitou Dekiru tte yo! (15 sec) Suntory Asadzumi Orange & Minami Alps no Tennensui: Orange Reitou Dekiru tte yo! (15 sec)
Arata Sena is unable to leave the island after he forgets to have his permission form signed. However, he gets an even better opportunity: facing off against LBX legend Ban Yamano.
Last episode of Hipira-kun bundled with the DVD/Blu-ray release.
Extra episodes included in the DVD release, as well as the unaired 19th episode.
A collaboration commercial between Gaist Crusher and Mameshiba. In it, Rekka, Hayato, Kurama, and Shiren are wearing their Gaist Gear. Rekka opens a bentou and finds Mameshiba versions of themselves. The shibas tell them that space stations are really stinky because of astronauts farting. Rekka proceeds to not care and eat one of the shibas while Hayato, Kurama and Shiren look at him in disgust.
Kanbee-kun with Nobunaga, Hideyoshi, and Ieyasu in manga. They are popular characters from "Rekishi Hiwa Historia," the history show.
Nikoli-chan is a curious and a crybaby. She explores the places surrounding her home but if she doesn't get her way she throws a tantrum.
An introduction video for the bride (Harada Momo) and groom (Nakano-san) to be shown at their wedding reception. The video was uploaded to YouTube a day after the wedding.
The second New Year special, this time released a day before the Chinese New Year. Logger Vick finds himself unexpectedly unemployed for the upcoming New Year. In order to afford presents, he takes on a temporary forest ranger job. Briar and Bramble are quire mistrusting of him now that his new job requires that he protect the forest.
A small tengoku practices as much as he can to be an attendant. While practicing flying in the forest, he hears the plea of a parent bird.
