Tokyo has become a cruel and merciless city—a place where vicious creatures called “ghouls” exist alongside humans. The citizens of this once great metropolis live in constant fear of these bloodthirsty savages and their thirst for human flesh. However, the greatest threat these ghouls pose is their dangerous ability to masquerade as humans and blend in with society. Based on the best-selling supernatural horror manga by Sui Ishida, Tokyo Ghoul follows Ken Kaneki, a shy, bookish college student, who is instantly drawn to Rize Kamishiro, an avid reader like himself. However, Rize is not exactly who she seems, and this unfortunate meeting pushes Kaneki into the dark depths of the ghouls' inhuman world. In a twist of fate, Kaneki is saved by the enigmatic waitress Touka Kirishima, and thus begins his new, secret life as a half-ghoul/half-human who must find a way to integrate into both societies. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A year after escaping Sword Art Online, Kazuto Kirigaya has been settling back into the real world. However, his peace is short-lived as a new incident occurs in a game called Gun Gale Online, where a player by the name of Death Gun appears to be killing people in the real world by shooting them in-game. Approached by officials to assist in investigating the murders, Kazuto assumes his persona of Kirito once again and logs into Gun Gale Online, intent on stopping the killer. Once inside, Kirito meets Sinon, a highly skilled sniper afflicted by a traumatic past. She is soon dragged in his chase after Death Gun, and together they enter the Bullet of Bullets, a tournament where their target is sure to appear. Uncertain of Death Gun's real powers, Kirito and Sinon race to stop him before he has the chance to claim another life. Not everything goes smoothly, however, as scars from the past impede their progress. In a high-stakes game where the next victim could easily be one of them, Kirito puts his life on the line in the virtual world once more. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Night Raid is the covert assassination branch of the Revolutionary Army, an uprising assembled to overthrow Prime Minister Honest, whose avarice and greed for power has lead him to take advantage of the child emperor's inexperience. Without a strong and benevolent leader, the rest of the nation is left to drown in poverty, strife, and ruin. Though the Night Raid members are all experienced killers, they understand that taking lives is far from commendable and that they will likely face retribution as they mercilessly eliminate anyone who stands in the revolution's way. This merry band of assassins' newest member is Tatsumi, a naïve boy from a remote village who had embarked on a journey to help his impoverished hometown and was won over by not only Night Raid's ideals, but also their resolve. Akame ga Kill! follows Tatsumi as he fights the Empire and comes face-to-face with powerful weapons, enemy assassins, challenges to his own morals and values, and ultimately, what it truly means to be an assassin with a cause. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Painted in red, the word "VON" is all that is left behind after a terrorist attack on a nuclear facility in Japan. The government is shattered by their inability to act, and the police are left frantically searching for ways to crack down the perpetrators. The public are clueless—until, six months later, a strange video makes its way onto the internet. In it, two teenage boys who identify themselves only as "Sphinx" directly challenge the police, threatening to cause destruction and mayhem across Tokyo. Unable to stop the mass panic quickly spreading through the city and desperate for any leads in their investigation, the police struggle to act effectively against these terrorists, with Detective Kenjirou Shibazaki caught in the middle of it all. Zankyou no Terror tells the story of Nine and Twelve, the two boys behind the masked figures of Sphinx. They should not exist, yet they stand strong in a world of deception and secrets while they make the city fall around them, all in the hopes of burying their own tragic truth. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Chiyo Sakura is a cheerful high school girl who has fallen head over heels for the oblivious Umetarou Nozaki. Much to Chiyo's confusion, when she confesses to her beloved Nozaki, he hands her an unfamiliar autograph. As it turns out, the stoic teenage boy is actually a respected shoujo mangaka, publishing under the pen name Sakiko Yumeno! A series of misunderstandings leads to Chiyo becoming one of Nozaki's manga assistants. Throughout the hilarious events that ensue, she befriends many of her quirky schoolmates, including her seemingly shameless fellow assistant, Mikoto Mikoshiba, and the "Prince of the School," Yuu Kashima. Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun follows Chiyo as she strives to help Nozaki with his manga and hopes that he will eventually notice her feelings. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Futaba Yoshioka used to be an attractive and popular middle-schooler—well liked by the opposite sex, but ostracized by the girls. Nevertheless, she was able to brush all that off, because the only opinion that truly mattered to her was that of Kou Tanaka, a classmate with whom she shared a shelter from rain once, followed by quite a few other precious and significant memories. She even succeeded at making plans to meet with the quiet and innocent boy at the summer festival, but a simple misunderstanding, and Tanaka's subsequent disappearance, left her walking the halls of her school friendless. Now in high school, Futaba is not your typical adolescent girl. Determined to become a class favorite this time, she avoids all unwanted attention and, instead of acting cute and feminine, only stands out through her tomboyish behavior and disheveled look. But still, her world is soon turned upside down when the only boy she ever liked unexpectedly comes into her life once again—except he goes by the name of Kou Mabuchi now, and it is not his name alone that has gone through a sea change. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seishuu Handa is an up-and-coming calligrapher: young, handsome, talented, and unfortunately, a narcissist to boot. When a veteran labels his award-winning piece as "unoriginal," Seishuu quickly loses his cool with severe repercussions. As punishment, and also in order to aid him in self-reflection, Seishuu's father exiles him to the Goto Islands, far from the comfortable Tokyo lifestyle the temperamental artist is used to. Now thrown into a rural setting, Seishuu must attempt to find new inspiration and develop his own unique art style—that is, if boisterous children (headed by the frisky Naru Kotoishi), fujoshi middle schoolers, and energetic old men stop barging into his house! The newest addition to the intimate and quirky Goto community only wants to get some work done, but the islands are far from the peaceful countryside he signed up for. Thanks to his wacky neighbors who are entirely incapable of minding their own business, the arrogant calligrapher learns so much more than he ever hoped to. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The discovery of a hypergate on the Moon once allowed the human race to teleport to Mars. Those who chose to settle there unearthed a technology far more advanced than that of their home planet, which they named "Aldnoah." This discovery led to the founding of the Vers Empire of Mars and a declaration of war against the "Terrans," those who stayed behind on Earth. However, a battle on the moon—later called "Heaven's Fall"—caused the hypergate to explode, destroying the moon and leading the two planets to establish an uneasy ceasefire. Their peace was a fragile one, however. Fifteen years later, high school student Inaho Kaizuka witnesses the plotted assassination of the Vers Empire's Princess Asseylum Vers Allusia, who had come to Earth in hopes of repairing the relationship between the empire and its homeland. The ceasefire is shattered, and the Martians declare war on the Terrans once again. In the face of this insurmountable enemy, Inaho and his friends must now fight against the Vers Empire to settle the war once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Now that Koyomi Araragi and Hitagi Senjougahara have graduated, very few familiar faces remain at Naoetsu Private High School, one of them being Kanbaru Suruga, holder of the Monkey's Paw. When she begins to hear talk of a mysterious being known as the "Devil," who will magically solve any problem, she immediately thinks these rumors are about her and decides to investigate. She discovers the Devil is actually Rouka Numachi, a former rival from junior high who is providing free advice to those who seek her out now that she is no longer able to play basketball due to a leg injury. Acting as a collector of misfortune, she enjoys relieving the stress of her clients by providing them with the false hope of having their problems solved. Although Kanbaru sees no real harm being done, she reprimands Rouka for lying and heads home, relieved she is not the cause of the rumors. But when she finds that her left hand has reverted back to its human form, she may have a reason to worry after all... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Even though it has been a year since the Iwatobi High School Swim Club has been created, new members have yet to join the club. Now that Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana are senior students, along with their younger friends Nagisa Hazuki and Rei Ryuugazaki, they have to find a way to attract new members. If not, the club will be forced to close the following year due to a lack of membership. Meanwhile, with impending graduation, it is also time for the seniors to decide their plans for the future. Unlike their friend Rin Matsuoka, the new captain of Samezuka Academy Swim Club who is determined to fulfill his dream of being a professional swimmer, Haruka and Makoto are unsure about what career path they want to take. Further problems arise when an old friend of Rin's, Sousuke Yamazaki, comes to the city to study at Samezuka Academy; the recently scouted swimmer's arrival causes tension in the relationship among him, Rin, and Haruka. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seireitsukai no Blade Dance takes place at a very prestigious school for holy shrine princesses called Areishia Spirit Academy. At this school, the girls train to be elementalists and try to form slave contracts with spirits so that they can compete in battles against one another. Only females have this privilege... at least until now. Kamito Kazehaya is a normal guy in pretty much all respects except for the fact that he's the first man in 1,000 years to be able to form a contract with a spirit (which he "stole" from a shrine princess named Claire Rouge). Additionally, the headmaster of the school, Greyworth, has summoned him to enroll and is forcing him to participate in a special tournament that will take place two months down the road. With Claire demanding that he become her contracted spirit, will Kamito even manage to survive the entire two months until the tournament takes place?
Full of wonder and excitement, the Noah's Arc Circus troupe has captured audiences with their dazzling performances. Yet these fantastic acts don't come without a price. Children have mysteriously gone missing around London, correlating to that of the groups' movements. Unsettled by these kidnappings, Queen Victoria sends in her notorious guard dog, Ciel Phantomhive, and his ever-faithful demon butler, Sebastian Michaelis, on an undercover mission to find these missing children. Trying to balance their new circus acts with their covert investigation under the big top, however, proves to be quite a challenge. With the other performers growing suspicious and the threat of the circus' mysterious benefactor looming overhead, what the two discover will shake Ciel to his very core. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With an actress mother, producer father, and rockstar brother, anyone would expect Izumi Sena to eventually enter showbiz himself. However, aside from a commercial for a wedding magazine when he was a child, Izumi has never been in the spotlight; instead, he aims to become a manga artist.  But a decade after the shoot, the magazine calls for a 10th anniversary ad, requesting the original child actors for the project. This reunites Izumi with Ryouma Ichijou, now a popular actor who, much to Izumi's shock, has been in love with him ever since their first meeting! However, due to Izumi's feminine appearance and unisex name, Ryouma believed the boy was a girl and continues to do so to this day. Izumi's troubles are just beginning, because even after discovering the truth, Ryouma can't seem to shake off his feelings... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rinka Urushiba works part time as a waitress to help out her unemployed father. By all accounts, her life in Tokyo is a relatively normal one—but her sense of normalcy begins to fade when she inexplicably sees a flying penguin one day. Chasing it all the way to the top of a building, she encounters more surprises, including flying goldfish and another person—a classmate named Kyoutarou Azuma—who can also see these strange things. After Rinka passes out when a goldfish phases through her, she wakes up an esper with the ability to phase her body through solid matter. However, her newfound ability is not the only strange thing about her: when she uses her powers, her hair turns white. Deciding reluctantly to use this new gift to help the city, she becomes Tokyo's new hero, dubbed the "White Girl." Along with Kyoutarou, who gained the power of teleportation, Rinka begins righting the wrongs in the city while fighting other espers who have much less noble intentions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rail Wars! takes place in an alternate universe where the Japanese government remains in control of the nation's railway systems. Because of the stability afforded by the leadership of the government, the railway system is allowed to flourish. Naoto Takayama aspires to become an employee for Japan National Railways because of the comfortable life that it will enable him to live. In order to accomplish this he enters its training program, where students must demonstrate their knowledge of trains as well as their ability to be ready for any challenge that might arise. During this time period he will encounter other students such as the athletically gifted Aoi Sakura, the constantly hungry Sho Iwaizumi, and the human encyclopedia Haruka Komi. Together they will work towards surviving their trainee period, all the while taking on purse snatchers, bomb threats, and the looming specter of the extremist “RJ” group who wants to privatize the railway system.
What if you hold the power to hear the voices or see fragments of images from the future? Would that be a good thing or a bad thing? Glasslip follows the life of Touko Fukami, an aspiring glass artist born from a glass artisan family. She enjoys her worry-free life in Fukui, save for the fragments of images that she sees on occasion. On her 18th summer, she meets the transfer student Kakeru Okikura at her school, and then again at her favorite café called Kazemichi together with all four of her friends. The voices from the future lead Kakeru to Touko, and his arrival disrupts her mediocre existence. All six of the friends must face their most unforgettable summer full of hope, affection, and heartache.
After Koutarou Satomi's father is suddenly relocated for his job, the first-year high school student is faced with finding a cheap place to live by himself. Naturally, he jumps at the chance to move into Corona House's Room 106 for a mere five thousand yen a month. But while everything goes well at first, Koutarou soon gets a lot more than he bargained for after stumbling upon a mysterious cave while working his part-time job. The following night, Koutarou is visited by various seemingly mythical figures, all of whom claim ownership of the poor student's apartment. Among the invaders are Sanae Higashihongan, a ghost supposedly haunting the room, magical girl Yurika, alien princess Theiamillis Gre Fortorthe, and Kiriha Kurano, a direct descendant of the Earth People. But more importantly, each of these four girls needs Koutarou's apartment for her own reasons and won’t back down without a fight! Rokujouma no Shinryakusha!? is a comedic battle royale over a six-tatami mat apartment involving supernatural beings, romantic high school hijinks, and a deceptively cordial landlady. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It has been three months since the incident at Yokohama. Things have been settling down at Cafe Nowhere. Murasaki and Hajime have teamed up and started investigating again. After an unforeseen reunion, Art holds Nice at gunpoint. What are his real intentions? What will become of the connection between Art and Hamatora? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Some time ago, the influential and powerful Toue Inc. bought the island of Midorijima, Japan, with the plans of building Platinum Jail—a luxurious utopian facility. Those who are lucky enough to call it home are the wealthiest citizens in the world. The original residents of the island, however, were forced to relocate to the Old Residential District; and after the completion of Platinum Jail, they were completely abandoned.  "Rib" and "Rhyme" are the most common games played on the island. Rib is an old school game in which gangs engage in turf wars against each other, while Rhyme is a technologically advanced game wherein participants fight in a virtual reality. To be able to play Rhyme, you must have an "All-Mate" (an AI that typically looks like a pet), and the match must be mediated by an "Usui." Aoba Seragaki has no interest in playing either game; he prefers to live a peaceful life with his grandmother and All-Mate, Ren. However, after getting forcefully dragged into a dangerous Rhyme match and hearing rumors about disappearing Rib players, all of Aoba's hopes of living a normal life are completely abolished. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Draw your weapons and take aim, because Sabagebu! is coming at you! Momoka Sonokawa was just minding her own business on the train one day when she encountered a pervert. Before she could do anything about it, a girl named Miou appears, brandishing two pistols and and scaring him off, only to be arrested herself a few minutes later for possessing firearms.  Later Momoka sees this same girl at her school and follows her to a run down building. It turns out Miou is the president of the school's Survival Game Club, and it doesn't take long for Miou to capture Momoka and force her into joining them. Over the course of the series, Momoka and her new “friends” will take part in multiple battles against enemies from other schools, a rival from the same school who wants to see the club shut down and even each other (on multiple occasions). With friends and classmates like these, will Momoka even make it to graduation?
Second season of Space Dandy. Space Dandy is a dandy guy, in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come, first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety of aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe! (Source: Bandai Visual)
The magical girls are back, and ready for another round of adventure! After successfully recovering the Class Cards, fifth graders-turned magical girls Illya and Miyu think they can finally take it easy. But as fate would have it, the girls are once again called back into active duty when they find out that the Cards have left some very nasty side effects on their world. However, their seemingly easy mission goes totally awry with the appearance of a dark stranger who looks just like Illya! Who is this new but familiar face, where did she come from, and what does she want from Illya? With the arrival of this new foe, it seems like Illya's finally met her match when her everyday life takes one dark turn! (Source: Crunchyroll)
Naru Sekiya is an average 14-year-old girl with average intelligence, average athleticism, and average talents. She once had hopes that starting high school would change all that. Unfortunately, the reality could not be further from the truth and she remains a wallflower. Why can't real life be like fairy tales where a handsome prince lifts a poor girl from obscurity and transforms her into a dazzling princess? Her average student life changes when she meets a blonde girl dancing on top of a gate to a shrine. Naru assumes the girl is a fairy, but it turns out she's just a regular girl, too. But it also just so happens that she's a transfer student named Hana from America who fell in love with yosakoi, a type of dance, and came to Japan with the intention to start her own club! Excited that she's classmates with the girl she met the night before, Hana tries to recruit Naru to become the first member of the brand new yosakoi club. Too bad the thought of dancing in front of everyone terrifies her! Can Hana convince Naru to join the club? Will Naru fall in love with yosakoi? Find out in Hanayamata!
The main protagonist of Himegoto, Arikawa Hime, is in serious trouble. He’s being pursued by loan sharks for the debt his parents left him with. That is, until the Shimoshina High School student council steps in to bail him out. These "kind" girls help Hime by paying off his debt and accepting him into the student council… as a beautiful girl, that is! Hime just happened to be wearing a French maid outfit when the council came across him, and now they won’t have him any other way. In return for paying off his debt, Hime must dress as a girl and be the council’s pet dog for the rest of his high school years. Still, things could be worse. After all, Hime is now surrounded by beautiful girls who constantly dote on him, expose him, and do naughty things to him. Thankfully, Hime has at least one person trying to get him out of this predicament: his little brother, who also happens to cross-dress. And then, of course, there’s the head of the disciplinary committee, who is… another cross-dressing boy!? This is getting ridiculous!
Spring. Far from the city, time flows peacefully in this rural town. As the cherry blossoms scatter in the wind, a young man named Yu Narukami steps off the train at Yasoinaba Station. Yu has come to this town, where his uncle lives, for family reasons; he will be transferring into the local high school, Yasogami High. And so begins his school life... The shopping mall after school. A series of murders taking place in town. The Midnight Channel, airing late at night.... What lies in store for Yu and his friends ‘this time around? (Source: Aniplex USA)
After an unfortunate accident, completely normal heterosexual high school student Kouta Shibaki is branded as the school pervert. With girls avoiding Kouta like the plague, truly the young man's worst nightmare has come to fruition! One day in the school library, he stumbles upon a peculiar book said to possess the power to summon witches. Partly out of desperation, partly out of boredom, Kouta decides to play along with the joke of a book, until an apprentice witch going by the name of Rurumo Maji Mojiruka appears before him. In an unusual turn of events, Kouta ends up helping Rurumo with some general witchery tasks in exchange for his soul being spared. Majimoji Rurumo follows the misadventures of Rurumo as she attempts to persuade Kouta to use 666 magical wish-granting tickets in her efforts to become a fully-fledged witch, unaware that every time she grants a wish, Kouta's life is shortened. Aided by Rurumo's familiar Chiro, Kouta must decide between helping Rurumo or saving his own life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuuki Akamatsu lives a normal high school life... that is until his cousin, Ayaka Nikaidou, convinces him to join the Journalism Club as a life consultant! His new job is to manage the advice column for the school's weekly newspaper to help him become more social. Soon, Yuuki is joined by three girls: the smart and shy Rino Endou, the athletic and outgoing Ikumi Suzuki, and the cultured and sweet Fumi Kujou. Together, they solve the personal problems of those who anonymously ask for advice. Although each of the new life consultants has their own unique perspective, they are able to reach solutions together by holding debates and social experiments throughout the week. However, as time goes on, the four slowly come to realize that they have not only been guiding other students through their troubles, but also working through problems of their own as well. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Who cares about what happened in Japan's past? It has nothing to do with my life." With these words, carefree high school student Saburou finds himself unceremoniously thrown back in time to the Sengoku Era, landing directly in front of the legendary general Nobunaga Oda. Nobunaga, on the run from his retainers and wishing to rest due to his frailty, beseeches Saburou to take his place, as the two bear an uncanny resemblance. Although Saburou is still confused by his surroundings, Nobunaga hurriedly provides the boy with the necessary items to prove that he is the bona fide feudal lord and makes a hasty getaway. Now a stand-in for someone he doesn't even know all that much about—though his modern experiences and knowledge are sure to help him—Saburou begins his unexpected quest to pose as the man who attempted to unite all of Japan. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Kingdom of Arandas alliance and the Countries Unification of Ingelmia have been at war for many years. The fortress of the Great Wall has remained firmly closed, but when it creaks open, the complexion of the war starts to change dramatically. A new recruit, Susumu Tokimune, is waiting for his first battle. He takes the lead without thinking of the possibility of being trapped, and has a fatal encounter with engineer Jamie Hazaford and the Silver Trailkrieger, Argevollen. The encounter takes place in a corner of the world where fighting has become the norm. This small coincidence is going to change the future of Tokimune's Independent 8th platoon, as well as the course of the war. (Source: Showgate)
In the town of Nagarekawa, Nanako Usami, an ordinary high school girl, is approached by her uncle to become a local idol or "Locodol," partnering with upperclassman Yukari Kohinata to form the idol unit, Nagarekawa Girls. As the girls use their talent to promote Nagarekawa and their businesses, they are joined by Yui Mikoze, who acts as the local mascot, and Mirai Nazukari, who serves as Yui's substitute. (Source: Wikipedia)
For the second time, the masked storyteller returns to tell children tales and legends of horror and woe, such as the tale of a ventriloquist's dummy, a locker that grants wishes, a capsule toy machine that returns lost possessions, and a strange food called Ominie-san. Building on the foundation that was laid by the first, Yami Shibai 2 is a collection of Japanese scary stories of the unknown and the occult that are truly terrifying, narrated in a style of art that mimics kamishibai storytelling.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Momoko is a beautiful young sword fighter who was born inside a peach (momo in Japanese). She lives with her constant companions—the dog god Inugami, the monkey god Sarugami, and the pheasant god Kijigami—in a peaceful paradise. However, a demon army led by devil king invades the paradise and steals the precious treasure that protects Momoko's land. To retrieve the treasure and save the people, Momoko embarks on a great adventure with her three companions. (Source: ANN)
Ryouma Sakamoto wants everyone to know about his passion for rock 'n' roll, so he roams around town with his electric guitar willing to show anyone he encounters that he's just as skilled as the famous Shinsengumi stars they admire. Unfortunately, Japan doesn't allow anything other than that group's Heaven's Songs, for writing or performing different types of music is forbidden and can lead to harsh consequences. Agitated by these strict rules and brainwashing, Ryouma does everything he can to show people that the music he loves will bring them the freedom they deserve. Along with his bandmates Shinsaku Takasugi and Kogoru Katsura, Ryouma works hard to find places for his rock 'n' roll group to perform. Refusing to back down until their music is accepted in Japan, the trio begin to realize that there's more to their passion than they had thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Continuing their treks through the high peaks of Japan, the mountaineering girls are back for more! First-year high school student Aoi Yukimura, a shy girl with a fear of heights, and her wildly energetic friend Hinata Kuraue set out once again to conquer the perils of backyard camping trips, summer homework, and even a climb on the mountain of their dreams. Joined by middle school student Kokona Aoba and their knowledgeable upperclassman Kaede Saitou, the squad members are ready to take on whatever slopes and challenges they might face, no matter how steep.  Through their shared hobby of mountain climbing, they bond closer than ever and even make new friends on trails all over the country. Whether it is just a local hill or the tallest mountain around, nothing is too much for Aoi and the crew to handle. They will climb, stumble, and rise to even greater heights together! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on CAPCOM's 2010 game Sengoku Basara 3 (Sengoku Basara: Samurai Heroes), Sengoku Basara: Judge End will depict the epic Battle of Sekigahara. (Source: ANN)
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
The anime tells an original story set 15 years after the novel's story. It takes place at a fictional theater called Hollywood Tokyo in Harajuku, where members of the idol group "Shounen Hollywood" develop their talents with diligent work and studying. (Source: ANN)
Second season of Strange+.
Second season of Ai Mai Mii.
TV anime adaptation based on the undead idol character Francesca to promote Hokkaido, Japan. (Source: MAL News)
Anime adaptation of the 4-koma manga Mobile Suit Gundam-san.
The story follows two aspiring divas who hope to become famous through a unique brand of music.
Sequel to the Urayasu Tekkin Kazoku anime and adaptation of the manga of the same name. The series follows an energetic grade-schooler and his friends as they get into mischief.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
Short stories based on the original characters by Uruma Delvi.
(No synopsis yet.)
Everyday objects come to life.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hunter x Hunter is set in a world where Hunters exist to perform all manner of dangerous tasks like capturing criminals and bravely searching for lost treasures in uncharted territories. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss is determined to become the best Hunter possible in hopes of finding his father, who was a Hunter himself and had long ago abandoned his young son. However, Gon soon realizes the path to achieving his goals is far more challenging than he could have ever imagined. Along the way to becoming an official Hunter, Gon befriends the lively doctor-in-training Leorio, vengeful Kurapika, and rebellious ex-assassin Killua. To attain their own goals and desires, together the four of them take the Hunter Exam, notorious for its low success rate and high probability of death. Throughout their journey, Gon and his friends embark on an adventure that puts them through many hardships and struggles. They will meet a plethora of monsters, creatures, and characters—all while learning what being a Hunter truly means. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Inspired after watching a volleyball ace nicknamed "Little Giant" in action, small-statured Shouyou Hinata revives the volleyball club at his middle school. The newly-formed team even makes it to a tournament; however, their first match turns out to be their last when they are brutally squashed by the "King of the Court," Tobio Kageyama. Hinata vows to surpass Kageyama, and so after graduating from middle school, he joins Karasuno High School's volleyball team—only to find that his sworn rival, Kageyama, is now his teammate. Thanks to his short height, Hinata struggles to find his role on the team, even with his superior jumping power. Surprisingly, Kageyama has his own problems that only Hinata can help with, and learning to work together appears to be the only way for the team to be successful. Based on Haruichi Furudate's popular shounen manga of the same name, Haikyuu!! is an exhilarating and emotional sports comedy following two determined athletes as they attempt to patch a heated rivalry in order to make their high school volleyball team the best in Japan. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the dawn of the 21st century, magic, long thought to be folklore and fairy tales, has become a systematized technology and is taught as a technical skill. In First High School, the institution for magicians, students are segregated into two groups based on their entrance exam scores: "Blooms," those who receive high scores, are assigned to the First Course, while "Weeds" are reserve students assigned to the Second Course. Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei follows the siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, who are enrolled in First High School. Upon taking the exam, the prodigious Miyuki is placed in the First Course, while Tatsuya is relegated to the Second Course. Though his practical test scores and status as a "Weed" show him to be magically inept, he possesses extraordinary technical knowledge, physical combat capabilities, and unique magic techniques—making Tatsuya the irregular at a magical high school. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gray Fullbuster's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers. More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Years after an ancient evil was salvaged from the depths of the sea, Joutarou Kuujou sits peacefully within a Japanese jail cell. He's committed no crime yet demands he not be released, believing he's been possessed by an evil spirit capable of harming those around him. Concerned for her son, Holly Kuujou asks her father, Joseph Joestar, to convince Joutarou to leave the prison. Joseph informs his grandson that the "evil spirit" is in fact something called a "Stand," the physical manifestation of one's fighting spirit which can adopt a variety of deadly forms. After a fiery brawl with Joseph's friend Mohammed Avdol, Joutarou is forced out of his cell and begins learning how to control the power of his Stand. However, when a Stand awakens within Holly and threatens to consume her in 50 days, Joutarou, his grandfather, and their allies must seek out and destroy the immortal vampire responsible for her condition. They must travel halfway across the world to Cairo, Egypt and along the way, do battle with ferocious Stand users set on thwarting them. If Joutarou and his allies fail in their mission, humanity is destined for a grim fate. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Diligent and methodical honor student Eiichirou Maruo decides to exercise more during the little free time he has available because he is worried about his health. For this reason, after seeing a flyer, he joins the Southern Tennis Club at the beginning of his freshman year. During his free trial at the club, he meets Natsu Takasaki, another first year student, who is determined on becoming a professional tennis player due to her love for the sport. In contrast, Eiichirou's study-oriented life exists because he believes that it is what he has to do, not because he enjoys it. However, his monotonous days come to an end as the more he plays tennis, the more he becomes fascinated by it. Baby Steps is the story of a boy who makes the most of his hard-working and perfectionist nature to develop his own unique playing style. Little by little, Eiichirou's skills begin to improve, and he hopes to stand on equal footing with tennis' best players. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.
Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
One night, right before summer vacation, Manatsu Daichi, a second-year in high school, sees a weird round rainbow floating in the sky above Tanegashima and ventures there alone. He has seen this rainbow before. With the memories of his father's mysterious death and an encounter of a strange boy and girl, Daiji arrives on the island while the alarm of a building labeled Earth Engine is going off. Someone asks him if he is a captain, just as robotic intruders from Uranus called Kill-T-Gang arrive. The battle around the shining stars is about to begin. (Source: ANN)
A distorted, endlessly black darkness. The location where the dark swallowed everything and took everything from us has become known as the Lightless Realm. Born there, as if they were mirror images of the despair and chaos humans felt, were aberrations. They were called Admonitions. An investigation of the Lightless Realm that eats away at the human psyche. Can a group of eight boys and girls gathered in an effort to combat the Admonitions see the light of the future beyond the Lightless Realm, while their past destinies and dangerous present intertwine in a complicated web? (Source: Daisuki)
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Mahou Shoujo Taisen" is a project created from a variety show for the Otaku "2.5 Chigen TV" (2.5 Dimension TV). The characters are the mahou shoujo that represent each local town in Japan. The characters that won from the second illustration competitions that were held on pixiv will appear in the anime. (Source: MAL News)
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
High school student Hajime Kindaichi is the supposed grandson of famous private detective Kosuke Kindaichi. Visiting Hong Kong for a fashion event with Kindaichi, our hero's girlfriend Miyuki is captured by a stranger in a case of mistaken identity. The journey to save Miyuki itself leads to yet another crime case... (Source: YTV)
Several days after the mortal battle against Link Joker which embroils the whole world, the world has returned to peace. But Kai Toshiki faces a surprising situation. Sendou Aichi, the hero who saved the world from the invasion of Link Joker, has suddenly disappeared. In addition, everyone's memory about Aichi is lost...Almost all hints have been lost, and Kai starts to search Aichi with "Blaster Blade" and the deck of Royal Paladin, the only existing hint and the proof of their bonds. Kai is approached by fighters who call themselves "Quatre Knights". The four---Gaillard, Neve, Ratie and Sarah---are fighters with world-class power in vanguard fights. They control mysterious power and urge Kai to give up searching Aichi. What is their purpose...!? And what is their relationship with Aichi...!? Kai, with the new power "Legion" in his hand, fights to take Aichi back. Now, the war has begun!  (Source: Cardfight!! Vanguard Wikia)
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Anime adaptation of Majin Bone, a digital card game project. Majin, the creator of the Universe, has been resurrected in the present day. Shougo Ryuujin, an ordinary high school student who transforms into the Bone Fighter Dragonbone with the Bone Card in order to save Earth. Together, with the other White Bone warriors take a stand against the Dark Bone, a foe that has appeared from darkness to devastate Earth. However, "could the true enemy be ourselves?" (Source: ANN)
In the story, the Illusionary Empire led by Queen Mirage has begun attacking Earth. The Precure teams that are on every continent of the world fend off the rampaging Saiaaku, and word spreads on global television news about the Precure girls who fight for humanity. "Precure" becomes a common word throughout the world. (Source: ANN)
Matsutarou Sakaguchi is a giant roughneck man with strength far beyond ordinary people. He never uttered words like "work hard," "strive," and "dream" like the typical shounen manga protagonist. However, he is stronger than anyone and peerless in sumo wrestling. His greatest weakness is his own carefree personality. He grows into a full-fledged sumo wrestler. (Source: ANN)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
The story will revolve around how the Avengers—Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and the Hulk together with the help of Spider-Man and a group of teens—will harness their respective fighting skills and superhuman powers to foil Loki's scheme to take over the world. Marvel Disk Wars: The Avengers will target boys in the 6-12 age group. (Source: Marvel)
An adaptation of the Future Card Buddyfight card game. Future Card Buddyfight takes place in a more futuristic version of today. The card game connects to a parallel universe through special cards (Buddy Rare Cards) that act as portals. They bring monsters to Earth in order for them to become buddies with humans. Through friendship and courage, they take on and fight challenges, known as Buddyfights, where people of all ages have friendly non-hurtful competitions. The main character, Gaou Mikado has just started Buddyfighting. As the story progresses, Buddyfights are seeming to become a little too real...
Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia)
Second TV (flash animated) series of Keroro Gunsou.
Through an unexpected turn of events, an ordinary elementary school student, Hiro Enryuu, finds himself in the world of the "Dragon Collection" game. This is a world called Dragon Earth, where gods, humans, and monsters exist side by side. Those who roam this world using a magic book, called a Grimoire, and cards to summon monsters and search for treasures that bear the powers of dragons are called Dracolle Battlers. Despite his bewilderment, Hiro becomes a Dracolle Battler and, together with the friends he meets there, begins his adventure to become a legendary Dragon Master! (Source: Crunchyroll)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
In Big Money City, players participate in "Hero Battles" using Bankfon Gs, which allows them to rent powerful hero suits and fight battles against other players, receiving power boosts from the system's public domain feature. Kaito Goushou, a young elementary school student who is always eager to help others, ends up hastily signing a contract to rent the powerful unlisted hero suit, "Enter the Gold," from a mysteriously seedy priest named Sennen; however, he soon learns that the suit comes with a debt of 10 billion yen, and Kaito must now clear his dues by winning Hero Battles. (Source: Wikipedia)
Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The anime adaptation revolves around a young boy named Faiya Orega who loves Oreca competitions. One day, he is granted the power to summon real Oreca monsters due to the mysterious powers of the treasure chest Pandora. To protect the peace of the Oreca world, Faiya must fight the demon king who threatens the land. (Source: Crunchyroll)
In the year 2047, mankind discovered a rare metal ore called "Gaimetal", which possessed a huge amount of energy, and mining for these strange metal ore begins all over the world. However, in 2075, humankind were been constantly attacked by Gaist, a race of metallic creatures whose bodies were encrusted with Gaimetal, thus forming the GCG (also known as "Gaist Crusher Garrison"), an organization tasked with dealing against the Gaist. In 2064, the GCG send out mankind's line of defense: the Gaist Crushers, humans who can wear a special Gaimetal armor called "Gaist Gear", and battle the Gaist,as well as the threat opposed by a mysterious organization called "Erasers". (Source: Wikipedia)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
Rei is an adventurer called a "Card Quester." He wishes to collect strong cards scattered throughout space, and battle with his rivals unfold. Soon enough, he will discover what happened to his own past. 
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series.
The most anticipated card game, Duel Masters had returned after 2 years since the battle in the past season. However, Katta Kirifuda once the strongest duelist, is now a year 2 middle school student and had lost his passion of dueling throughout the 2 years, and dreams of curry bread every day. However, after an encounter with the baseball ace, Hokaben, a mysterious duelist and a reunion with his childhood friend Lulu Takigawa, he rekindled his dueling spirit and return to his journey of becoming the strongest duelist. With new friends and rivals and Katta's passionate duelist soul, the greatest battle begins!  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
It's a heartwarming and sometimes nonsense comedy about an elementary school boy Tomoo Kinoshita.
We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World. (Source: AniDB)
Second season of the Lovely Muco series.
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others...
A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic. Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land. After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief.
How did Asia's most prominent entrepreneurs know when to grasp opportunities? And how did they overcome difficulties and attain their positions of power? This series uses the unconventional technique of blending actual documentary footage with CG animation to get a close-up look into the front lines and what lies behind the scenes of Asian business. Our cartoon host is Shima Kosaku, a character from a popular Japanese business manga. He delves into the heart of the Asian economic market representing 4 billion people, to visit entrepreneurs who have survived turbulent times. Thai business magnate, Dhanin Chearavanont (Chairman of CP Group), and innovative Taiwanese semiconductor entrepreneur, Morris Chang (Chairman of TSMC), are among the many movers and shakers to be featured. Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the dramatic lives of these media-shy business titans. (Source: Official Site)
New series of Tamagotchi!.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series.
The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN)
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
In an odd dimensional bubble inside the kettle of an Oden food cart exists Oden village. The residents of Oden village spend their idyllic days waiting for customers to come and eat them. In the meantime, Oden-kun helps other troubled dwellers to realize their dreams. One day, he hears that a customer's mother suffers from cancer so he leaves the kettle and after being eaten, faces the cancer cell Gannosuke. Oden-kun's dream is to meet his own mother. Looking forward to this day, Oden-kun spends his days doing one good deed a day. (Source: ANN)
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
A shy little Carino Coni is a rabbit boy who just started to live alone in the forest away from his family. Everyday Coni's heart raises with joy playing with his siblings who lives nearby, but suddenly cries of lonesomeness, which he cannot explain. This story is about all heart warming stories Coni encounters, and how he himself become not so lonely anymore as he gradually grows up. (Source: playsetproducts.jp)
(No synopsis yet.)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Third season of Boonie Bears. Having had a taste of carnival life in town, the Bear Brothers return to the forest to start anew. But aside from the joy of meeting old friends, the bears must again cope with the dull-but-driven Logger Vick! That shiny-pated villain is determined to crush their renewed efforts to protect the forest they love. If he can dispatch the Bear Brothers, Vick will realize his evil dream of riches through total destruction of the forest. Fortunately the Brothers and their friends have a forest full of surprises in store for him! Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy features Briar and Bramble Bear doing what they do best: creating non-stop laughs for kids around the world! (Source: Official website)
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
The 3rd continuation of NTV's ZIP! anime parody shorts. This one focuses on Hakushon Daimaou. Like with the previous season, occasionally the Gatchaman team and now the Mazinger Z team show up in some episodes.
Stop-motion animation using clay and puppets follows a musician and hit cat traveling the world and learning about music in different cultures while spreading their own songs.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
What if the boogie monster was a kaijuu? What if the kaijuu was here to keep you company? Well that's what Ken gets when a kaijuu comes out of his closet door.
An educational program teaching children shapes, basic math, colors, and other subjects.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Though a little clumsy and easily brought to tears, Usagi Tsukino is a typical 14-year-old girl in her second year of junior high. However, all of that changes when an encounter with Luna, a mysterious talking black cat, whose head bears the mark of a crescent moon, results in the animal bestowing a magical brooch upon her. Now Usagi can transform into Sailor Moon, a magical girl in a sailor uniform who protects love and peace! Usagi is appointed as a guardian of justice and is tasked with the search for the legendary Silver Crystal, a magical artifact that holds immense power, as well as finding the other Sailor Guardians and the lost princess of Luna's home, the Moon Kingdom. Her mission isn't without opposition, however; Queen Beryl, ruler of the Dark Kingdom, wants to claim the Silver Crystal and take its power for her own. Though she still has to worry about her school, family, and love life, it is up to Sailor Moon and the other Sailor Guardians to save the day! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Short specials that aired on the official website.
2-minute specials for Barakamon featuring chibi characters. These specials were streamed exclusively on YouTube only in Japan after every episode of the main series.
In the post-apocalyptic aftermath of a war between machines and their creators, machines rule while humans exist in a state of servitude. Titular character Karen leads Resistance Group 11, an eclectic group of humans who find themselves fighting for their lives as they are hunted by the robots in each episode. Is this the end of humanity? Are they fighting a losing battle? Through Karen, we delve into a struggle between right and wrong, between indifference and love that explores some of the deepest questions about humanity. What is the difference between a thinking machine and a human being? What is a soul? (Source: Crunchyroll)
A summary of the Buddy Complex series told from the point of view of Nasu Mayuka.
DeNA promotional anime video for its line of mobile game. The mascot character for the line of games is called Mobami (a combination of "mobile" and "beauty.") (Source: ANN)
Rei Kigata is a first year middle schooler at Ishido Middle School. He is not a believer of any paranormal phenomena such as existence of ghosts or spirits in any kind, but one day at midnight, while he is sleeping, a mysterious newspaper called "Horror News" is delivered to his room. The newspaper tells a story in which one of his teachers at the school will get killed in a car accident the following morning and Kigata will be a witness of the accident. The story turns into a fact in the following day and since then, the mysterious newspaper is delivered everyday. He realizes he is haunted by this newspaper and that his life span would be shortened in 100 days every time he reads it. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited)
A five-minute promotional anime for PlayStation Vita and PlayStation Portable game Toukiden Kiwami. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Following their run of comedy shorts with Sumire Uesaka as Ghost in the Shell: Arise's Motoko Kusanagi, Project Channel 5.5, energy supplement Calorie Mate and Eagle Talon's Frogman will next been spoofing classical music manga Nodame Cantabile. And like GitS, there will be some cast changes. Yuuki Kaji takes on the role of perfectionist piano student Shinichi Chiaki, previously voiced by Tomokazu Seki, while Tomoko Kaneda is his free-spirited foil Megumi Noda, previously voiced by Ayako Kawasumi in the earlier adaptations of Tomoko Ninomiya's josei manga. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Elite Sushi Ninja fights with evil Monsters for justice every day! They, however, are on the popular superhero TV show…. In the real world, three lazy kids named “IKURA”, “MAGURO”, and “TAMAGO” watch with that TV show. They wish to be Heroes like the Sushi Ninja on the TV show some day, but they always fall out over something stupid. One day, they unexpectedly meet up with a beautiful Princess being chasing by Nachos King Gang. She deems the three guys to be the Heroic Sushi Ninja on TV show and asks them for help. They are so excited and act like the heroes on TV show. Then they decide to face with the enemies to protect the Princess…. Can they be the real Heroes and protect the Princess from the evil? (Source: Daisuki)
Two martial artists are brutally killed by a team of assassins, leaving their wards, a young boy and girl, defenseless. A martial arts master dispatches of the assassins, sparing their lives, and decides to take them in. He raises them and teaches them martial arts.
Commercials for the iOS game Inishie no Megami to Houseki no Ite.
A single episode special that was released on a web-tour game to coincide with the movie release. This special tells of a young Taoist who joins the Yin-Yang School to find his sister.
Prologue episode of Channel 5.5 3rd Season.
An omnibus work portraying the lives of youth who have just started to work. (Source: Rockwell Eyes)
Collaboration between Studio Binzo and J-toys Channel. Features zombies from Zombie Clay Anime.
A girl and demon battle out on a field as they have their pride on the line.
An original anime series created in cooperation with Kanagawa Prefecture.
Stop-motion animation about pudding.
The series takes place on a fantastical world where crystals can provide great strength. Their value has led to to the rise of a unique profession: crystal hunting.
The backstories of the characters in the Kuiba movies.
Kana Kana Kazoku CMs using new animation.
A special of Hakusai Anime.
Commercials and promotional videos commissioned by Iwaki Meisei University from Production I.G. Hashiru Shiki-hen A girl runs through various seasons on campus. Digest-hen A girl reminisces about activities on campus such as her friendships, studying, and joining a small percussion band. Ohai Alii: Kagayaku Hi no Tame ni For the new nursing school it shows what student life will be like at the nursing school by following a fictional freshman who joins the hula club. 
Line Rangers follows the Line characters as super heroes who battle enemies. The various "story movies" of the web anime are meant to promote the Line Rangers RPG game app.
A short story about whether or not a person can scoop up a goldfish from a carnival game.
Kota has become a shinigami and his job is to follow a man at the end of his ropes. Slowly Kota learns about the man's life and what led him to this point.
A short animation showing a car driving around a rotating track.
Short animation by Masanobu Hiraoka with music and sound design by Aimar Molero.
Taisho Pharmaceutical commissioned commercials for their new Benpiyaku Colace anti-constipation medicine. It features an intestinal-stressed struggling doe as she encounters other animals who can easily "go".
A silent short animation by Masanobu Hiraoka.
A stop-motion series of Koeda-chan. This unique short uses the actual Koeda-chan toys themselves to convey the story.
Bundled with the 12th, 13th, and 14th limited-edition manga volumes.
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
Bundled with the limited editions of the 10th and 11th volumes of the manga. 10th volume DVD adapts the 25th chapter of the manga. 11th volume DVD adapts the popular cherry blossom-viewing arc. (Source: MAL News)
Not so long ago, mysterious structures called Dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the Dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned.  In a Parthevian port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a Dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Magi: Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a Dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Unwritten" - An episode about Futaba and Kou in middle school. Based on the chapter called "Unwritten." also known as chapter 0 or Prologue. "Page.13" - An episode that continues the story after the television series's 12th and final episode. (Source: sakisaka10)
After Sakura Mizukami shows up at the Kazama household to ask for a favor, Kenji Kazama and his sister Noe end up unwillingly participating in a footrace at the local shrine. Intent on winning the prize—spring water that only appears once per year—Sakura recruited the Kazama siblings to guarantee her victory. But when Sakura's clubmates, Chitose Karasuyama and Roka Shibasaki, enter the race as well, the girls' competitive energy is unleashed and the contest immediately develops into an all out battle where no victor is certain. What's more, Noe, fed up with Sakura's constant teasing, has no interest in helping her win, and the battle rages not only on the field, but between the divided team members. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An OVA bundled with the 7th manga volume. Suguru Koshigaya, the brother of Komari and Natsumi, wins the grand prize in a lottery draw. The prize appears to be a ticket for four to Okinawa. As the girls are nervous for their trip, they prepare for their journey.
A 2-episode OVA for Suisei no Gargantia revealed during an announcement at AnimeJapan 2014. (Source: MAL News)
Adaptation of the Bugs 2 arc of the manga.
The story is based on the battle against Anzio High School.
Suga Kimio finds himself hiding in the girls locker room, unable to move or escape the situation as the girls in his school crowd in. Although he originally had no ulterior motives, he found himself panicking as he heard the girls coming in and hid in a locker. Komine Nozomi, one of the shy girls in his class finds him, but surprisingly covers for him. Perplexed but glad, Kimio goes home. Later that night, he gets a text from Nozomi who happens to live across the way on the same floor of the complex they both live in. She blackmails him into agreeing to show each other's bodies when she texts him. Kimio has to abide by Nozomi's insane demands or risk ruining his school life so they both start their little peep show through each other's windows... (Source: MangaHelpers)
When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind! (Source: MU) Bundled with the limited edition 5th, 6th, and 7th manga volumes.
Shouta Handa is a jobless 25 year old who is sick and tired of his boring life. One evening, at the class reunion, he gets to meet all of the cute girls that used to be his classmates. He soon discovers that they are all successful with interesting careers, and even more importantly—really beautiful now, with bigger curves. Unfortunately, it seems that they are all aware of his boring, unsuccessful life, so they mock him and call him a loser, just like in the old days. Everything changes when Shouta goes for a walk to have a smoke and accidentally falls into the school swimming pool. This triggers a supernatural phenomenon that takes him back ten years into the past. He finds himself in the same swimming pool during swimming class, surrounded by his female classmates in bikinis. How is Shouta going to deal with their cuteness and closeness now that he is a grown man in a boy's body?
Based on the adult game by Atelier Kaguya.
The story begins with Hanabi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The manga depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love. (Source: ANN) 
An anime adaptation of the game for mobile devices Chain Chronicle. Features eight short episodes that introduces the story, setting, and characters.
Picture Drama episodes from the special contents DVD bundled with the Haikyuu!! 3DS game.
OVAs bundled with the 15-17th volumes of the Mushibugyou manga.
Tatsuya excelled at all sports during his school years. Now instead of being an athlete, he trains to be a coach at his former teacher's school Academy Josho. However, the leader of the swimming club Katsumi tried to seduce him in order to improve her results by any means. He opposed her actions, but could it be that the elite players from other clubs also have the same plan!? (Source: Hau~ Omochikaeri!)
Honoka arrived at home with snacks, juice and candies which are her brother's, named Hirokazu, favorite stuff. However, she noticed there has been an unexpected guest – Akazaki. She attends the same class as Hirokazu and for that matter he invited her for a study session and Honoka misunderstood her as his girlfriend. Will Hirokazu make up with his sister in a secret way while Akazaki is still in their house? Based on the adult manga by Yuzuki N'. (Source: BakaBT, edited)
Based on the adult novel by Noesis, Ori and Kizoku Coffee. Yui had a quarrel with her parents and ran away from home. When she walks around the town, she meets her friend and she is tricked into joining a matchmaking website called Free Friends. She just waits for someone contacting her though she doesn't know much about it. The main character accidentally finds it and contacts her. On that night, they meet in the town full of libido and... (Source: ErogeShop)
Based on the erotic game by Marine.  Shin belongs to a cheer group. Though he wasn't interested in it, Yuko, his older sister, forced him to join it... As a matter of fact, there are only two members, Shin and Yuko. On the other hand, a cheerleading club has a lot of members. One day, Shin accidentally collides with Chieru, a member of the cheerleading club, and she gets injured... In compensation for her injury, he decides to work as a caretaker of the cheerleading club. But days later, Satsuki, a coach of the cheerleading club, suddenly orders the members, "You should give him a titjob to overcome your sense of shame!" As they are all confused, Satsuki starts giving Shin a titjob...! (Source: VNDB)
Based on the adult manga by Yokoyari Mengo.
Based on the adult game by Marine.
Tokisawa Naomi, currently unemployed, is a worthless drunk who can't even pay for his drinking bill of the day before. Luckily, he has a job offer to be a teacher from a prestigious high-school. While Naomi indeed has a degree in teaching music, that's not why he is offered the job—at all. Tokisawa Naomi is a renowned pimp and trainer of prostitutes. Though he doesn't simply break the girls; Naomi awakens their secret desires so that they are selling their bodies willingly. The high-school doubles as a modern place to train prostitutes for the country's upper class. Naomi has to train five students. He accepts but only under the condition that he is free to choose the girls. (Source: VNDB)
Huge breasts are justice! Mature women are my fantasy! Why make them so erotic? Scattering their pheromones as they walk. "Do as you please" is their catchphrase. My body won't be able to last any longer if this continues everyday. If that's the case I'll better move out of this apartment and start living the life of a proper student. And the day I made up my mind on this, a new manager for the apartment arrived. (Source: Getchu)
Based on the adult manga by Lapis Lazuli.
Based on the adult manga by emily.
Based on the adult manga by Sawaru Erect.
An incident has led to someone's death at Teradaya, which the gang went to for a day trip. A "69" on the victim's leg will be the key to solving the mystery. (Source: MAL News)
After Iori fell in love with Ken at a young age she wanted to be his wife more than anything. Ken feels the same way about Iori. When Ken is nearly killed by a monster she is told the only way to save him is to have sex with other men to make her more powerful as a magical girl.
Teppei and teammate Keisuke Honda aim for the FIFA World Cup 2014 in Brazil.
On a small hill in a neighbourhood in the outskirts of Tokyo, there was a little park. There were six close girls who always used to play there together since they were small. But when they were fourth-graders, they had to change schools. The six of them made a "promise to bury a time capsule", but in the end they were not able to keep this promise and separated eventually. Four years later and grown up, they now live their own lives. While all of them have their own troubles and worries, the days pass and one day, a miracle happens to them. (Source: AniDB)
The "Life Is Movie" featuring indie animator Junichi Yamamoto and Flash animator Tokumaru Naoko reintroducing the Hidenori Takahashi voiced passionate human-faced dog NEET/would be detective will be released as OVA and online on the Bandai Channel later this summer. (Sourced: Crunchyroll)
The August issue of Shogakukan's Ciao magazine is announcing on Thursday that Meme Iwaoka's manga Elite Jack!! will get an anime adaptation. The anime will be on the Ciao Ciao TV bonus DVD that will be bundled with the September issue of the magazine on August 2. The story is set at the elite Omega High School, where test results decide everything. The high-scorers in the student council, in particular the student council president, have a lot of authority. Yuria Aikawa comes to this school, and though she seems like an ordinary girl who loves fun things and her boyfriend Shuri, she's actually a super-genius who gets the top score on every test. She becomes student council president and tries to make school life more fun in various ways. (Source: ANN)
Included in the Ciao Ciao TV bonus DVD that bundled with the August issue of the Ciao magazine. (Source: AniDB)
OVA adaptation of the same name shoujo manga. Bundled with the November issue of the Ciao magazine. 
Japan Fire Retardant Association prevention video 
An educational bicycle safety video for kids featuring Nobunaga and his retainers.
An educational fire safety precaution video for kids featuring Nobunaga and his retainers.
It's been a year since the disappearance of Shiro, the Silver King; Kurou Yatogami and Neko have been diligent in their search, but to no end. Their investigation leads to a run-in with members of the now disbanded Red Clan HOMRA—Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushina—being pursued by the Green Clan, who desire Anna's powers for their own ends. Now, the members of Scepter 4 are called upon alongside Kurou and Neko in order to rescue Anna, the mascot, and only female member of the ruined Red Clan, from the enemy's clutches and hopefully find Shiro using the young girl's powers. Amidst crisis, the group is forced into a power struggle when the Green Clan threatens to overtake the Gold King's domain. The second step in the K Project series, K: Missing Kings, continues the story of a young boy caught up in a psychic war between seven kings, and showcases each character's struggles after the losses of their respective Kings. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Suffering from frequent asthma attacks, young Anna Sasaki is quiet, unsociable, and isolated from her peers, causing her foster parent endless worry. Upon recommendation by the doctor, Anna is sent to the countryside, in hope that the cleaner air and more relaxing lifestyle will improve her health and help clear her mind. Engaging in her passion for sketching, Anna spends her summer days living with her aunt and uncle in a small town near the sea. One day while wandering outside, Anna discovers an abandoned mansion known as the Marsh House. However, she soon finds that the residence isn't as vacant as it appears to be, running into a mysterious girl named Marnie. Marnie's bubbly demeanor slowly begins to draw Anna out of her shell as she returns night after night to meet with her new friend. But it seems there is more to the strange girl than meets the eye—as her time in the town nears its end, Anna begins to discover the truth behind the walls of the Marsh House. Omoide no Marnie tells the touching story of a young girl's journey through self-discovery and friendship, and the summer that she will remember for the rest of her life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story of this fourth installment takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Motoko Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking. (Source: ANN)
The story is set in Diamond Ore Country, of which Diancie is the princess.This is a country located deep underground, where the Pokémon Carbink live together in peace. The energy source of this country is a giant diamond called the Sacred Diamond, which can only be created by princess Diancie. However, the current princess doesn't yet possess the power to create such a diamond, and the current Sacred Diamond's power is soon going to run out, which would result in the end of the country. Diancie meets up with Ash and Pikachu, and set off together with them to search for the legendary Pokemon Xerneas, which possesses sacred power, but on the way, they find the cocoon where the Destruction Pokémon, Yveltal, who was said to have once destroyed life in Kalos, lies in wait. (Source: serebii.net)
The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers.
Doraemon is a robotic cat that lives in the 22nd century, and is known as a caretaker who helps others with his futuristic gadgets. One day he is approached by Sewashi Nobi, the great-great-grandson of Nobi Nobita. Sewashi demands of Doraemon to go back to the past and make Nobita happy in order to prevent a disastrous and bleak future. Doraemon is not excited about this idea, but Sewashi installs a program into Doraemon and eventually sends him back to the past. Nobita Nobi is an elementary school boy who is very lazy, unlucky and a scaredy-cat. He gets bullied by everyone and does not excel in any school subject. When he meets Doraemon for the first time, the two of them start off on the wrong foot; however, they soon become great friends. Doraemon cannot go home to the 22nd century unless he turns Nobita into a boy who can stand on his own and be happy.
A retelling of the first season, taking place at Toudou's family inn where he, Makishima, and Onoda reflect on the events.
Cinema intro shown before the movie K: Missing Kings and included as a bonus with the Blu-ray/DVD release.
Prequel to the TV anime series revolving around the "origin of the dream."
Pocket Monsters XY: Sora no Hahen, is an anime movie tied to Pokémon XY television anime, that screened in two Tokyo planetariums. Like previous Pokémon planetarium anime, this one was projected onto 360-degree panoramic domes. The story follows Satoshi and his friends when they visit the Pokémon Aerospace eXploration Agency (a nod to the real-life Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency). They are thrilled by stories from PAXA's astronauts about the wonders of space and the possibility of Pokémon living in space. Then, just as they hear about the dangers posed by space debris, sirens suddenly ring out. Team Rocket have plotted to seize control of PAXA and have apparently infiltrated the facility. At that critical moment, trouble develops in a control system for artificial satellites. Large pieces of space debris have collided, causing fears of even more debris. (Source: ANN)
A hybrid anime/live-action movie for the series to be released Fall 2014. After the events of Link Joker-hen, Aichi and Kai team up to a confront an enemy that threatens the peace they've just regained. The movie also covers the events leading up to Aichi's disappearance in Legion Mate-hen.
A thrilling tale in which a group of innocent pokemon get sucked into a world full of keys only to find themselves trapped. Will they ever escape?
The land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace for years among Humans, Elves and Evil beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But the Black Dragon begins to stir from its hibernation, sending the Beasts marching across Altera. With a beast conquest perilously close, a small group of Humans and Elves unite to try to find a secret hidden road to the Black Dragon's cave and destroy it. But the fate of all of them may be in the hands of the young warrior Lambert, who must summon the confidence and skill to face the Black Dragon himself just when all may be lost. (Source: Official site)
The movie reveals the events before Ge Nie and Tianming defeated 300 soldiers at Huangyang Chuan right at the start of season 1. The events will retell how Tianming and Ge Nie met. A new character and her relations to the Western Regions will be introduced as well. (Source: wuxiaedge.com)
Movie of gdgd Fairies.
Sequel of Mori no Densetsu.
"I can't finish you..." There's a man named Hyeon-dae who has sex and a woman named Min-joo who loves! 32-year-old man Hyeon-dae is a part-time illustration instructor. He looks like he has a normal life but he suffers from his endless sexual desires and emptiness. 27-year-old Min-joo is a traffic reporter. She always greets people with a bright smile everyday but she's smudged with pain and betrayal. They have been seeing each other for 2 years but Hyeon-dae's marriage ended things. However, they crave each other without realizing it. They are confusing sex with love and the world is a confusing place. What do they desire? (Source: HanCinema)
Short animation by Komazaki Tomomi.
Before he can get close to the real enemy, Manji faces challenges from two powerful opponents : Da Cang - a master of using body pulse, and Hai Wen Xiang - a sea witch who is extremely loyal to Kuiba. When Manji is unwillingly engaged in an intense battle with Hai Wen Xiang. Kuiba reveals its mysterious appearance. (Source: IMDB)
Airing simultaniously as gdgd Fairies Movie.
Episode 1: "When the Buckwheat Flowers Bloom" Heo Saeng-won is an ageing market vendor. He has been a peddler all his life. After a long day at the marketplace in Bongpyeong village, he follows his fellow peddler Jo Seon-dal into an inn where he meets a young itinerant vendor, Dong-i. As the three accompany each other under the moonlight along the buckwheat flowers, Heo Saeng-won realizes he has a special bond with Dong-i.  Episode 2: "Spring Spring" I toil on the field day and night as a servant for a man who has promised to give his daughter's hand to me in return for my labor. The man, however, keeps putting off the wedding, saying that his daughter is not growing fast enough. One day, out of fury, I call the man to the ultimate match.  Episode 3 "A Lucky Day" Kim, who earns his living by driving a rickshaw, gets out on the street again, even after hearing from his wife that she is seriously ill. Kim then gets to drive an unusually large number of customers that day, and begins to suspect something hideous may lie ahead of his sudden good fortune. At the end of the long and hard day, Kim returns home, with an inexplicable sense of fear weighing down on his heart. (Source: IndieStory)
"There are two people who face each other in each space. Each pair keeps a few distance between their partners and find some fearful, tender, and comfortable feelings that fascinate them. The feelings are put into practice immediately, and they start groping each feelings. Somehow, I try to blend and connect them. "Feelings" are sound bliss for all who have a body and sense. I busily pick my feelings on the track of my life and reconstruct by animation to appreciate them." (Source: Yoriko Mizushiri)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Yugo has been repeatedly telling her father a bedtime story that she was the only human visitor to a fantastical kingdom in the clouds where she befriended two animals, Lala and Uncle Bear. The three fought the evil Tiger General, who had risen up against the kingdom's ruler. It was the former ruler's dying wish that Lala would replace him. Missing her friends, Yugo finds her way back to the fantastical kingdom where she finds a disheartened Uncle Bear. He is sad that Lala is leaving him to move into the palace. However, Lala is unsure if she is the right one to rule the kingdom.  Meanwhile, a new sinister plot is developing. The kingdom's ancient behemoths have shrunken in size after their annual migration. While investigating, Yugo, Lala, and Uncle Bear are trapped in the underground kingdom of the rats where all the shrunken animals have ended up. With the help of an ingenious mole, they fight the rodent soldiers and escape. Yugo tracks down the very last behemoth in the kingdom and learns that the kingdom's water supply is being deliberately poisoned. When they learn that the only uncontaminated water left in the kingdom is under the control of the militaristic rats, Yugo and her furry friends must save the kingdom again. (Source: Wikipedia, edited)
Two specials released September 3rd, 2014, in the final volume of the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
Specials bundled with the Blu-ray/DVDs.
Bundled with seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kyoukai no Kanata. Episode 0 happens two years prior to the TV series when the Nase siblings meet Akihito for the first time in a mission for Hiroomi. Mitsuki follows her brother on this mission and their goal is to subjugate Akihito. (Source: MAL News)
Unaired 13th episode released with volume 7 of the Blu-ray and DVD.  Rikka becomes displeased with Yuuta after she discovers Makoto had secretly given him a USB stick containing photos of an idol he had a crush on during middle school. Rikka and the other girls instruct Yuuta to return the stick immediately, though Makoto secretly lets him keep it. Later that night, as Rikka sneaks into Yuuta's room and discovers the stick, she inadvertently destroys it whilst trying to hide it from him, leading to the two of them arguing over who was in the wrong. With neither side willing to apologise, the girls enlist the help of Satone and Kuzuha to see how Yuuta reacts when Rikka doesn't come home, finding that he still cares about her, and the two manage to make up with each other.  (Source: Wikipedia)
Mysterious, unknowable creatures alien to the laws of nature—known only to some and feared by others—"Mushi" lie behind many of life's strange phenomena. Long ago, a Mushi of terrifying power threatened to extinguish all life. The Minai clan of Mushishi were born from those who stopped this malevolent force, their members bound by duty to serve as retainers to the Karibusa family, within whom the Mushi remains sealed. The Mushishi Ginko is given a job request from Tanyuu Karibusa: oversee the work of the head of the Minai clan, Kumado Minai, in investigating an abandoned village where dead wood and even houses spring back to life as flourishing plants. Though the Minai clan are oddly ruthless among Mushishi, even more peculiar is their widespread dull character, with little appreciation for beauty or sentiment. Tanyuu believes there is more to this trend than meets the eye. Ginko aims to answer her curiosity as he follows Kumado into a "Path of Thorns," a place where Mushi flow from their own strange sources into the world of the living. Rare and deadly varieties of Mushi lurk in these depths, along with the secret nature of the Minai clan's resolve to their ancient task. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabaody. Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training is interrupted when Hancock's sisters, Marigold and Sandersonia, are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World, a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace, in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters. (Source: One Piece Wiki)
Special episode included in the Blu-ray Box of Ano Natsu de Matteru.
Unaired episode 11.5 included with the second Blu-ray/DVD volume.
Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series.
Recap of the first eight episodes of Akame ga Kill! series.
The two part finale of Buddy Complex television series deals with the final battle between the Free Treaty Alliance and the space division of Zogiria, lead by an elderly Bizon, as Earth and time itself hang in the balance.
Short OVA bundled with the volumes 1 to 6 of the Blu-ray releases of Sabagebu!
Based on the 4-koma manga stories of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou. Included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes 1-7.
Unaired episode bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Box-Set.
To celebrate the ten years of Kazuma Kamachi's professional career as a writer, Dengeki released a video showing the main cast of Kamachi's works as they gather for the 10th anniversary event. (Source: Toaru Majutsu no Index Wiki)
Bonus included in a Blu-ray/DVD disc of μ's live concert that took place in Saitama Super Arena on February 8th and 9th, 2014.
Unaired episode titled "Nagarekawa, Annai Shite Mita." bundled with the Volume 1 Blu-ray/DVD.
Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Selector Infected WIXOSS.
In the year 2xxx, development of information are going so fast, humans being are drowning in the sea information. This leads to a situation where people can not find the necessary information. The only hope to solve this problem is the navigator program, Hacka Doll. (Source: Anime Bibly)
Mini-OVA specials bundled with each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kenzen Robo Daimidaler.
Prequel to the 17th Pokémon movie, Pokemon XY: Cocoon of Destruction and Diancie.
Another short bonus included in a Blu-ray/DVD disc of μ's live concert that took place in Saitama Super Arena on February 8th and 9th, 2014.
Picture drama episodes included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume four and five.
A 30-second animated commercial for the construction company Taisei. The commercial highlights Terminal 2 of Nội Bài International Airport that Taisei built in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Fight between Nike and Narvi after both lose their Golems. Included in the Blu-ray Box release of the TV series.
Bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD release of Girls & Panzer: Kore ga Hontou no Anzio-sen desu!.
Short recap episode narrated by Chamber, who talks about Ledo's journey on Earth before the Suisei no Gargantia: Meguru Kouro, Haruka OVA series.
Recap of episodes 1-13.
Based on the same name gourmet manga that focuses on the dining of cuisine. The protagonist Jirou Tamiyamaru is more obssessed with how to eat than most people, and the anime comically depicts how he agonizes over the differences with how others eat. (Source: ANN)
Domo-kun and Charo meet a strange girl in the hustle and bustle Tokyo. Since "that day", she has not gone back home. When Charo gives the girl a wreath of Gerbera plants, she accidentally sneezes. A burst of magic came out of the Gerbera, and a flower train emerges from the middle of a flower garden. As the three board the flower train, it starts moving toward the girl's hometown. However, what awaits them is a ferocious storm! Animated short to support the reconstruction of areas hit by the 2011 Great Eastern Japan Earthquake. (Source: Official website)
A commercial commissioned by Credit Saison. The first 500 people to enroll for a Saison Card would receive an anime character Rina Takeda karate alarm clock. Rina is a real Japanese actress with a double black belt in Ryukyu Shorin-ryu Karate, she had previously done a commercial for the banking company where she uses her forehead to chop 15 concrete slabs in half. The anime commercial focuses on an animated Rina and her famous karate technique.
A Blu-ray/DVD special where the Nyamen girls are actually represented as cat girls unlike the main anime where they are literally cat-shaped bowls of ramen.
(No synopsis yet.)
Commercials for Kyoto Gakuen University with their official mascot Uzumasa Sono.
A series of short commercials advertising Calbee's snack products. The first commercial, which premiered in August, was made to mark the 50th anniversary of the company's Kappa Ebisen snack. 
Koeda-chan commercials. They are a mix of stop-motion shorts with mini stories like that of the Koeda-chan Ohanashi anime or entirely 2D animated like that of the 2018 Koeda-chan anime. 
Unaired episodes 13, 14, and 15 included on DVD.
