Ever since he was a child, fifteen-year-old Souma Yukihira has helped his father by working as the sous chef in the restaurant his father runs and owns. Throughout the years, Souma developed a passion for entertaining his customers with his creative, skilled, and daring culinary creations. His dream is to someday own his family's restaurant as its head chef. Yet when his father suddenly decides to close the restaurant to test his cooking abilities in restaurants around the world, he sends Souma to Tootsuki Culinary Academy, an elite cooking school where only 10 percent of the students graduate. The institution is famous for its "Shokugeki" or "food wars," where students face off in intense, high-stakes cooking showdowns. As Souma and his new schoolmates struggle to survive the extreme lifestyle of Tootsuki, more and greater challenges await him, putting his years of learning under his father to the test. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Life in the bustling city of Orario is never dull, especially for Bell Cranel, a naïve young man who hopes to become the greatest adventurer in the land. After a chance encounter with the lonely goddess, Hestia, his dreams become a little closer to reality. With her support, Bell embarks on a fantastic quest as he ventures deep within the city's monster-filled catacombs, known only as the "Dungeon." Death lurks around every corner in the cavernous depths of this terrifying labyrinth, and a mysterious power moves amidst the shadows. Even on the surface, survival is a hard-earned privilege. Indeed, nothing is ever certain in a world where gods and humans live and work together, especially when they often struggle to get along. One thing is for sure, though: a myriad of blunders, triumphs and friendships awaits the dauntlessly optimistic protagonist of this herculean tale. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the appearance of a mysterious virus that kills everyone above the age of 13, mankind becomes enslaved by previously hidden, power-hungry vampires who emerge in order to subjugate society with the promise of protecting the survivors, in exchange for donations of their blood. Among these survivors are Yuuichirou and Mikaela Hyakuya, two young boys who are taken captive from an orphanage, along with other children whom they consider family. Discontent with being treated like livestock under the vampires' cruel reign, Mikaela hatches a rebellious escape plan that is ultimately doomed to fail. The only survivor to come out on the other side is Yuuichirou, who is found by the Moon Demon Company, a military unit dedicated to exterminating the vampires in Japan. Many years later, now a member of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army, Yuuichirou is determined to take revenge on the creatures that slaughtered his family, but at what cost? Owari no Seraph is a post-apocalyptic supernatural shounen anime that follows a young man's search for retribution, all the while battling for friendship and loyalty against seemingly impossible odds. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Supersonic monkeys, vampires, talking fishmen, and all sorts of different supernatural monsters living alongside humans—this has been part of daily life in Hellsalem's Lot, formerly known as New York City, for some time now. When a gateway between Earth and the Beyond opened three years ago, New Yorkers and creatures from the other dimension alike were trapped in an impenetrable bubble and were forced to live together. Libra is a secret organization composed of eccentrics and superhumans, tasked with keeping order in the city and making sure that chaos doesn't spread to the rest of the world. Pursuing photography as a hobby, Leonardo Watch is living a normal life with his parents and sister. But when he obtains the "All-seeing Eyes of the Gods" at the expense of his sister's eyesight, he goes to Hellsalem's Lot in order to help her by finding answers about the mysterious powers he received. He soon runs into Libra, and when Leo unexpectedly joins their ranks, he gets more than what he bargained for. Kekkai Sensen follows Leo's misadventures in the strangest place on Earth with his equally strange comrades—as the ordinary boy unwittingly sees his life take a turn for the extraordinary. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Zoku picks up immediately after the events of the first season, continuing the adventures of the Volunteer Service Club—the dispassionate Hachiman Hikigaya, the cheerful Yui Yuigahama, and the competitive Yukino Yukinoshita—as it dedicates itself to helping any student with issues that they may face. With the rift among his own group widening, Hachiman begins to realize that his knack for quickly getting to the root of other people's troubles is a double-edged sword: sometimes the best solution is not necessarily the most appropriate one. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Eighteen-year-old Tsukasa Mizugaki has failed his college entrance exams, but after pulling some strings, he manages to land a job at the Sion Artificial Intelligence Corporation. SAI Corp is responsible for the creation of "Giftias"—highly advanced androids which are almost indiscernible from normal humans. However, unlike humans, Giftias have a maximum lifespan of 81,920 hours, or around nine years and four months. Terminal Service One, the station Tsukasa was assigned to, is responsible for collecting Giftias that have met their expiration date, before they lose their memories and become hostile. Promptly after joining Terminal Service One, Tsukasa is partnered with a beautiful Giftia named Isla. She is a Terminal Service veteran and considered the best in Giftia retrievals, contrary to her petite figure and placid nature. Time is fleeting though, and Tsukasa must come to terms with his feelings for Isla before her time is up. No matter how much someone desires it, nothing lasts forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the midst of the Fifth Holy Grail War, Caster sets her plans into motion, beginning with the capture of Shirou's Servant Saber. With the witch growing ever more powerful, Rin and Archer determine she is a threat that must be dealt with at once. But as the balance of power in the war begins to shift, the Master and Servant find themselves walking separate ways. Meanwhile, despite losing his Servant and stumbling from injuries, Shirou ignores Rin's warning to abandon the battle royale, forcing his way into the fight against Caster. Determined to show his resolve in his will to fight, Shirou's potential to become a protector of the people is put to the test. Amidst the bloodshed and chaos, the motivations of each Master and Servant are slowly revealed as they sacrifice everything in order to arise as the victor and claim the Holy Grail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When Ryuu Yamada entered high school, he wanted to turn over a new leaf and lead a productive school life. That's why he chose to attend Suzaku High, where no one would know of his violent delinquent reputation. However, much to Ryuu's dismay, he is soon bored; now a second year, Ryuu has reverted to his old ways—lazy with abysmal grades and always getting into fights. One day, back from yet another office visit, Ryuu encounters Urara Shiraishi, a beautiful honors student. A misstep causes them both to tumble down the stairs, ending in an accidental kiss! The pair discover they can switch bodies with a kiss: an ability which will prove to be both convenient and troublesome.  Learning of their new power, Toranosuke Miyamura, a student council officer and the single member of the Supernatural Studies Club, recruits them for the club. Soon joined by Miyabi Itou, an eccentric interested in all things supernatural, the group unearths the legend of the Seven Witches of Suzaku High, seven female students who have obtained different powers activated by a kiss. The Supernatural Studies Club embarks on its first quest: to find the identities of all the witches. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Red Dragon Emperor, Issei Hyoudou, and the Occult Research Club are back in action as summer break comes for the students of Kuoh Academy. After their fight with Issei’s sworn enemy, Vali and the Chaos Brigade, it is clear just how inexperienced Rias Gremory's team is. As a result, she and Azazel lead the club on an intense training regime in the Underworld to prepare them for the challenges that lie ahead. While they slowly mature as a team, Issei will once again find himself in intimate situations with the girls of the Occult Research Club. Meanwhile, their adversaries grow stronger and more numerous as they rally their forces. And with the sudden appearance of Loki, the Evil God of Norse Mythology, the stage is set for epic fights and wickedly powerful devils in High School DxD BorN! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With his muscular build and tall stature, Takeo Gouda is not exactly your average high school freshman. However, behind his intimidating appearance hides a heart of gold, and he is considered a hero by the boys for his courage and chivalry. Unfortunately, these traits do not help much with his love life. As if his looks are not enough to scare the opposite sex away, Takeo's cool and handsome best friend and constant companion Makoto Sunakawa easily steals the hearts of the female students—including every girl Takeo has ever liked. When Takeo gallantly saves cute and angelic Rinko Yamato from being molested, he falls in love with her instantly, but suspects that she might be interested in Sunakawa. With his own love for Yamato continuing to bloom, Takeo unselfishly decides to act as her cupid, even as he yearns for his own love story. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Despite having seemingly quelled the war between their respective gangs, Raku Ichijou and Chitoge Kirisaki still carry on with their fake relationship. Eventually, as Chitoge's perception of Raku slowly changes, she even begins to see him as a little charming.  Chitoge struggles to come to terms with her newfound feelings for Raku, as a new girl joins the slew of Raku's admirers and the competition among those vying for the yakuza heir's attention grows even fiercer. And amidst all this, Raku's search for his first love and the contents of the mysterious sealed locket continues in Nisekoi:, which picks up where the first season left off. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko? Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team. Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama's third season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 320. Under the rule of the belligerent King Andragoras III, the Kingdom of Pars is at war with the neighboring empire, Lusitania. Though different from his father in many aspects, Arslan, the young prince, sets out to prove his valor on the battlefield for the very first time. However, when the king is betrayed by one of his most trusted officials, the Parsian army is decimated and the capital city of Ecbatana is sieged. With the army in shambles and the Lusitanians out for his head, Arslan is forced to go on the run. With a respected general by his side, Daryun, Arslan soon sets off on a journey in search of allies that will help him take back his home. However, the enemies that the prince faces are far from limited to just those occupying his kingdom. Armies of other kingdoms stand ready to conquer Ecbatana. Moreover, the mastermind behind Lusitania's victory, an enigmatic man hiding behind a silver mask, poses a dangerous threat to Arslan and his company as he possesses a secret that could jeopardize Arslan's right to succession. With the odds stacked against him, Arslan must find the strength and courage to overcome these obstacles, and allies who will help him fight in the journey that will help prepare him for the day he becomes king. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After swearing off music due to an incident at the middle school regional concert band competition, euphonist Kumiko Oumae enters high school hoping for a fresh start. As fate would have it, she ends up being surrounded by people with an interest in the high school brass band. Kumiko finds the motivation she needs to make music once more with the help of her bandmates, some of whom are new like novice tubist Hazuki Katou; veteran contrabassist Sapphire Kawashima; and band vice president and fellow euphonist Asuka Tanaka. Others are old friends, like Kumiko's childhood friend and hornist-turned-trombonist Shuuichi Tsukamoto, and trumpeter and bandmate from middle school, Reina Kousaka. However, in the band itself, chaos reigns supreme. Despite their intention to qualify for the national band competition, as they currently are, just competing in the local festival will be a challenge—unless the new band advisor Noboru Taki does something about it. From the studio that animated Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu, Kyoto Animation's Hibike! Euphonium is a fresh and musical take on the slice-of-life staple that is the high school student's struggle to deal with their past, find romance, and realize their dreams and aspirations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Grisaia no Rakuen begins right at the end of the previous installment, Grisaia no Meikyuu. Kazami Yuuji is arrested under suspicion for terrorism. A video showing apparently concrete proof that Yuuji committed these acts, and he is held in custody by Ichigaya. Ichigaya knows full well that Yuuji didn't commit the crimes he has been accused of. But he did fail to assassinate Heath Oslo, who is the leader of the terrorist organization with an extremely devastating weapon in their possession. In fact, Ichigaya have their own plans for Yuuji...  But all may not be lost for Yuuji. The girls of the Mihama Academy are not about to let Yuuji be used for political gain, and neither may the mysterious new figure which appears before them.
After escaping a bus hijacking with the help of masked superhero Strange Juice, Yuuta Iridatsu finds his soul separated from his body and in the care of a perverse cat spirit, Chiranosuke. As a spirit, Yuuta wanders around his residence, the Korai House, aiming to regain his body and observe the other residents: Meika Daihatsu, a genius inventor; Mikatan Narugino, a cheerful idol; Ito Hikiotani, a shut-in NEET; and Rabura Chichibu, a spiritual medium. After catching a glimpse of Narugino's undergarments, Chiranosuke reveals to Yuuta that he becomes exponentially stronger upon seeing panties. However, if he sees another pair while he is still a spirit, his power will cause an asteroid to crash into the earth, ending the world and killing his friends. Punch Line follows Yuuta as he unravels the mysteries surrounding Korai House, its residents, and a villainous organization attempting to end the world. Will Yuuta be able to save everyone, or will the ever-present threat of panties result in their doom? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The anime follows the daily life of an earnest, hardworking office lady named Kaoru and her otaku husband, Hajime, who is totally immersed in a certain huge net bulletin board system. (Source: ANN)
Junichirou Kagami is a young published physicist, a genius, and a hopeless otaku. At the mercy of YD, a self-diagnosed illness which causes him to only be able to do what he "Yearns to Do," Junichirou foregoes his scientific career to maintain and improve his anime blog. However, when he gets hired as a high school physics teacher; his sister Suzune, no longer willing to tolerate his NEET lifestyle, forces him to take the position.  Despite the fact that Junichirou has no motivation to teach the standard curriculum, he may still have something of value to teach his students outside of academics. With his class in tow, Junichirou embarks on an unlikely journey filled with life lessons such as acceptance of others, how to make lasting friends, and what it means to live a better life by doing what you yearn to do. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a deadly terrorist attack, Arashi Mikami narrowly escapes death but loses everything in the process, including his family and best friend. However, the surgeon that rescues him is far from just an ordinary doctor—he commands a strike team known as Black Label whose task is to exterminate deadly criminals who have fallen too far. Filled with a new determination, Arashi joins the ranks of the vigilante organization. Black Label's targets are aplenty, as evil scum lurks everywhere—dangerous arms dealers, corrupt politicians, and shady gangsters all find themselves hunted by the extermination team. Although haunted by their dark and sinister past, all of the hunters are highly skilled at slaying their targets. In spite of the perilous lives the members live, Arashi and the gorgeous ladies surrounding him still manage to get caught up in a variety of sultry moments and racy hijinks. Though they face strong opposition, nothing can stop Black Label's objective of cleansing the world of ghastly evil. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In an alternate universe, shy, awkward Yuki Nagato attempts to court her crush, Kyon, with the help of her best friend and neighbor, the perky and indomitable Ryoko Asakura. Together, the trio defends their high school literature club from extermination…and from the pestering of their over-the-top classmate Tsuruya and her friend and minion Mikuru. (Source: FUNimation, edited)
Having narrowly avoided the collision with the asteroid, the Sidonia sets a course for the Lem system in order to wipe out the Gauna nest. (Source: Polygon Pictures)
After the National Tournament, the Seidou High baseball team moves forward with uncertainty as the Fall season quickly approaches. In an attempt to build a stronger team centered around their new captain, fresh faces join the starting roster for the very first time. Previous losses weigh heavily on the minds of the veteran players as they continue their rigorous training, preparing for what will inevitably be their toughest season yet.  Rivals both new and old stand in their path as Seidou once again climbs their way toward the top, one game at a time. Needed now more than ever before, Furuya and Eijun must be determined to pitch with all their skill and strength in order to lead their team to victory. And this time, one of these young pitchers may finally claim that coveted title: "The Ace of Seidou." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
To be around cute girls wearing cute clothing is all Eruna Ichinomiya desires. Since Mikagura High School happens to have the cutest uniforms around, she decides to enroll in this prestigious high school known for its cultural clubs. However, she does not realize that joining a club is mandatory, and representatives from each club must battle for a ranking. Based on these rankings, club members are awarded housing and food. Chasing after Seisa Mikagura, the most beautiful girl in school, Eruna joins the going-home club but finds herself thrust into fighting the next club battle. With the other club representatives wielding unique powers, the competition is sure to be fierce! Based on the popular song series, Mikagura Gakuen Kumikyoku follows Eruna as she explores the various clubs in school and assists the members with their troubled lives, all of whom are also vying for the top spot in school. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A very strange thing happened to Mamiya Sakura as a child: She disappeared in the woods behind her grandmother's house. Of course, Sakura doesn't quite recall what happened next, but she's been seeing dead people ever since—ghosts at home, ghosts at school, and even ghosts on the street. Now that she's in high school, another strange thing has happened in her life. A desk next to her that's sat empty all year is suddenly filled by an oddly-dressed boy named Rokudou Rinne. Rinne seems to be capable of seeing the same things Sakura does, and sometimes, other people can't even see him. What sort of secret is Rinne-kun hiding, and how is he connected to Sakura's strange power? In Kyoukai no Rinne, another world exists alongside the one we live in. Thanks to Rinne, Mamiya Sakura will get to know this world and the wacky characters that inhabit it.
After having decided to play tennis at the professional level, Eiichirou Maruo now needs to convince his parents to support his decision. To do so, he makes a wager: if he cannot win the All-Japan Junior Tennis Tournament, he will give up on his dream. However, he will need to improve his skills quickly if he wants to qualify for the tournament and have any chance of defeating the best players in the country. For this reason, his new coach Ryuuhei Aoi suggests that Eiichirou travel abroad to train at the Florida Tennis Academy. Baby Steps 2nd Season takes the action to America as Eiichirou begins his two-week training program, getting a taste of what tennis is like outside of Japan. With this exciting experience awaiting him, Eiichirou hopes that his training will get him closer to his goal of becoming a professional player. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A.D. 2115—the island nation once called Japan is now known as the "17th Far East Imperial City Management District." The citizens were promised a life of peace in exchange for some of the comfort they were used to having. People believed their lives would never change and tomorrow will be the same as today. No one suspected the impending doom which their society was about to face. "Degradation"—a rare disease which led to the total disintegration of the human body to a mere pile of sand was slowly but surely spreading throughout the world. Tohru Kazasumi, an ordinary student becomes embroiled in a multi universal battle between his world and the parallel world of "Frontier S (Stratos)." This meant that Tohru must fight himself from an alternate world. Their futures collide as their paths cross. Will both worlds ever find peace? (Source: Aniplex USA)
When Takeru Amato moved into his new apartment in Akihabara, he was warned that there was one problem with it. He wasn't warned, however, that the problem was a hole in the floor that leads to the realm of the zodiac gods. He also wasn't told about Nyaa-tan, the eccentric, immature, prospective zodiac-sign cat. Nyaa-tan would like nothing more than to join the rest of the girls, otherwise known as Eto-shin, in the Chineze zodiac, but she's going to have to fight to work her way in. Fortunately, establishing a relationship with Takeru can help her with that. In Etotama the members of the zodiac don't just represent people's births; they draw their power from positive human emotions in the form of energy called Sol/Lull. With this power, the Eto-musume, or potential Eto-shin, can change from their mostly humanoid appearances into smaller "pretty modes" that can battle with each other in the Eto world. Nyaa-tan needs to get Takeru to warm up to her fast, and not just because they're living together. The ETM12 selection festival to determine the next member of the zodiac is coming soon. With Takeru's good graces, Nyaa-tan just might be able to fight off the other Eto-musume and the 12 Eto-shin themselves, and finally take her place in the zodiac.
Second season of Kiniro Mosaic.
The great music adventure in Show by Rock!! begins after Cyan decides to play her favorite rhythm game and suddenly gets sucked in, finding herself in a world called Midi City where music reigns supreme. She learns that anyone who delivers amazing and powerful music also has the ability to control the city. However, not all music is pure. An evil plan is set in motion to engulf the whole Midi City in darkness. Is it too late for Cyan to do something? Cyan Hijirikawa always regards herself as nothing but an ordinary girl living in a mediocre world. She has great talent and extreme guitar skills, but she also lacks the confidence to take the first step in realizing her dream to play in a band and be a music millionaire! Little did she know that an eminent power resides deep within herself—the power to defeat evil with her magical music! Join Cyan, Chuchu, Retoree and Moa in a world where music is everything.
Amami Hibiki is a girl who can see ghosts and other supernatural phenomena in her surroundings. The stories follow her daily life with both her friends and the otherworldly. (Source: ANN)
The third anime adaptation of the otome game Uta no☆Prince-sama♪. Starish are given new assignments in newly divided teams, and they do their best in order to try and impress Shining Saotome into allowing their entry to SSS, a top level music contest. Meanwhile, Haruka works with the Quartet Night. 
A TV anime version of Ghost in the Shell: Arise. The first eight episodes are an edited version of the four movies while the last two features a new arc called "Pyrophoric Cult." The plot involves the "Fire Starter" virus explored previously, and introduces the new character Pyromania. The episode will have ties to the upcoming film. (Source: Wikipedia)
The sky is the limit in Houkago no Pleiades. With telescope in hand, Subaru is set to go to the observation room of her school in order to get a view of that night's meteor shower. What she least expects is that behind the observatory door was not the starry skies, but a lavish garden, complete with a resplendent fountain and a mysterious young boy with long red hair. But the garden soon disappeared, as if Subaru was only imagining things. All that remains of that brilliant sight is an odd, bouncing blob creature that leads her to another magical door, occupied by other girls in magical witch-like costumes. Revelations start hitting Subaru one after the other: one of the girls in the room is her childhood friend Aoi, the little blob is actually an alien of a species called the Pleiadians trying to return home, and Subaru has been selected by him to become the newest member of their group! Now Subaru's dreams of the stars have come true in the wildest way, as she and her friends attempt to gather pieces of the Pleiadian spacecraft engine to return the being to his home. But they're not the only ones after the engine parts, and they have no idea why!
Aoi Tokura is having a rough day. He’s used to being mistaken for a girl, but it’s even worse when a captivating stranger on the train calls him a creeper for staring a little too long. Aoi’s soaked by a sudden rainstorm and takes shelter at Rainy Color, a cozy café where the warmth of the staff compliments the sweet hot cocoa he’s served. When he falls into a job at the café he feels like things are finally looking up— until Keiichi Iwase, the man he couldn’t help but stare at on the train, shows up. Did this day just get worse, or better? (Source: FUNimation)
The series takes place four years after the events of Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS, during which, magical girl Nanoha Takamachi rescued and adopted a young girl named Vivio, who is the reincarnation of the Sankt Kaiser, Olivie Segbrecht. After entering her fourth year of elementary school, Vivio is given her own intelligence device, Sacred Heart, and gains the power to transform using her adult Sankt Kaiser mode. She soon comes across a girl named Einhart Stratos who, similar to Vivio, is the descendant of another Sankt Kaiser ruler, Claus G.S. Ingvalt. As Einhart becomes determined to prove her fighting style is the strongest, Vivio befriends her and together with her friends, enters a martial arts tournament where they fight against various magical opponents and learn more about their past lives. (Source: Wikipedia)
Fourth season of Teekyuu series.
The great detective Holmes does not solve mysteries or use deductive reasoning. He does, however, hunt vampires. Using three-minute episodes, Vampire Holmes retells the story of the great Holmes and his assistant. What begins as an ordinary detective agency takes a turn for the occult when the Metropolitan Police of London secretly hire Holmes and Hudson to investigate vampires. Or at least that's what Holmes would tell anyone who asks. In reality, he and Hudson spend most of their time sitting around arguing, and failing to solve any cases. Joined by the not-so-black, demon cat Kira, and their terrifying rent-hungry landlady, this is the story of the man who was most definitely not London's greatest detective.
An original anime advertising Urawa City in Saitama, Japan.
A spin-off from Teekyuu which centers on the daily life of Nasuno Takamiya, the "exceedingly airheaded" school tennis club member in Teekyuu, and her friends.
Second season in the Kaitou Joker anime series. The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure. (Source: ANN)
A spin-off of the Tesagure! Bukatsumono series.
While Tasuku is off training and getting rest in the world of the monsters, the Buddy Police sees the need to deputize some of the champions to help protect the Earth. Gao, Tetsuya, and Zanya Kisaragi are among those deputized, and it's just in time. A new enemy arrives, Ikazuchi, with the deadly 100 demons, all rogue monsters. Now the new trainees and the Great 8 monsters must fight to protect Earth from being consumed by these new rogues. (Source: ANN)
In the near future, a battle card game called "Battle Spirits" has gained enormous popularity. Players of the game—known as "Battlers"—start duelings everywhere using their color-coded cards with different attributes, creating a "Sengoku (Warring States) period" for the game. (Source: ANN)
The "unorthodox hard surreal gag" comedy centers around the narcissistic (narushi na) Hagito and the masochistic (domazo na) Kei. Together they are "Nar Doma." Hagito is a handsome yet pitiful man with a loli complex. Anytime, anywhere, a mirror is his constant companion. Surrounding him are a host of highly idiosyncratic characters: the diehard masochist Kei, the unnaturally strong yet girlish Totono, the exceedingly stylish working stiff Saitou, and the extraordinarily negative Roku. Even the one normal guy has his own issues. (Source: ANN)
The anime adapts artist Daisuke Kimura's four-panel manga of the same name, the story centers on vegetables that children hate, everyone hesitates to eat, and are smelly. The series follows these vegetables as they visit a bar to share drinks together while they talk about their worries. (Source: ANN)
The story follows the adventures of rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, her long-best human friend Airi Kirara and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewel Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. To restore people's belief in magic, Jewelpets transform into humans to study more about them. (Source: ANN, edited)
Prequel to the first Usavich season.
Based on a book by British travel and dining journalist Michael Booth. Follows Booth, his wife Lissen, and two kids Ansger (6) and Emil (4), on their 100-day trip to Japan as they try a wide variety of Japanese foods. Booth was inspired to make the trip by Shizuo Tsuji's book, Japanese Cooking, A Simple Art. (Source: ANN)
A next fierce fight is about to begin after Katta Kirifuda finally become the Duel Masters National Tournament champion. Japan's largest theme park, Duel Masters Land has appeared. With numerous fun attractions and events, Katta was also having fun. However, after meeting the mascot of the park, "Duemouse", Katta got involved in a ridiculous conspiracy of the park. A shadow that invades the Duel Masters World, which is the mysterious team of duelists! The mysterious identity of the legendary card is to be revealed. A new stage and revolution of Duel Masters befalls Katta! (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
The story begins in the future when Earth itself is no longer inhabitable by living creatures. Humans began their interstellar migration with space colonies. Vince and Hana work as researchers in the Cambrian Project. Together with the creature Pikaia, they seek the Lost Code, the key to restoring Earth, and aim to return to Cambrian-era Earth. (Source: ANN)
A comedic family of Americans experience life in Japan.
New Tamagotchi! anime series.
Nakagawa owns 10 cats in real life, and she adores one in particular named Mamitasu, the anime's namesake. The anime depicts the slapstick comedy of the idiosyncratic 10 cats and the folks in the unusual "Nakagawa family."  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The anime revolves around little creatures called "Kakusen" who live in the skin pores of humans. Child actor Yuuto Itou will return as the title character Nyuruo, a newborn Kakusen who was born in the nose. Nyuruo is ignorant of the world around him, but he is honest. His hobby is stamp rallies and his dream is to become a government worker. (Source: ANN)
Continuation of the Gon series.
Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series.
Follows a pig whose family's mission is to collect underpants.
Funassyi, the popular pear-shaped mascot character of the Tokyo suburb Funabashi, will premiere its own series of television anime shorts on March 30. The Funassyi no Funafunafuna Hiyori (Funassyi's Aimless Days) shorts will run every weekyday within the morning variety program Sukkiri!! Besides Funassyi, the anime will feature the brand-new character Guressyi (voiced by Lynn) and Nashigami-sama (Naoki Tatsuta). (Source: ANN) 
Kotori are people who love singing and dancing. Protecting the island they reside on is a calm and anxious Melonia (Melon), a weak and lazy Chocola (Chocolate), a friendly Berrina (Berry) who is fashionable as heck. 
Third season of Washimo series.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The third season of Cocomong.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
When a mysterious creature chops the moon down to a permanent crescent, the students of class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Middle School find themselves confronted with an enormous task: assassinate the creature responsible for the disaster before Earth suffers a similar fate. However, the monster, dubbed Koro-sensei (the indestructible teacher), is able to fly at speeds of up to Mach 20, which he demonstrates freely, leaving any attempt to subdue him in his extraterrestrial dust. Furthermore, the misfits of 3-E soon find that the strange, tentacled beast is more than just indomitable—he is the best teacher they have ever had! Adapted from the humorous hit manga by Yuusei Matsui, Ansatsu Kyoushitsu tells the story of these junior high pupils as they polish their assassination skills and grow in order to stand strong against the oppressive school system, their own life problems, and one day, Koro-sensei. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gray Fullbuster's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers. More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following their triumph against Yousen High, Seirin's basketball team has reached the semifinals of the Winter Cup along with Kaijou, Rakuzan, and Shuutoku. Each of these teams possesses a member of the Generation of Miracles, and Seirin prepares to face the largest obstacles on their path to winning the Winter Cup.  In the final season of Kuroko no Basket, Kuroko goes head-to-head with his old teammates once more as he attempts to show them that individual skill is not the only way to play basketball. His firm belief that his form of basketball, team play, is the right way to play the sport will clash with the talents of a perfect copy and an absolute authority. While Kuroko tries to prove that his basketball is "right," he and the rest of Seirin High ultimately have one goal: to win the Winter Cup and overcome the strength of the Generation of Miracles, who have long dominated the scene of middle and high school basketball. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Joutarou Kuujou and his allies have finally made it to Egypt, where the immortal Dio awaits. Upon their arrival, the group gains a new comrade: Iggy, a mutt who wields the Stand "The Fool." It's not all good news however, as standing in their path is a new group of Stand users who serve Dio, each with a Stand representative of an ancient Egyptian god. As their final battle approaches, it is a race against time to break Joutarou's mother free from her curse and end Dio's reign of terror over the Joestar family once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet. Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.
Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end!
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Taking place after a three-year time skip, the series will follow Shindou Kurono, Kiba Shion, and Anjou Tokoha as the new protagonists of G. Kurono uses the never-before-seen clan Gear Chronicle, which brings together the destinies of these three toward an "impossible future, an impossible self signifying 'Generation.'" (Source: vanguardus.blogspot.com, edited)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Haneru Tobitatsu is a hyperactive middle schooler with a passion for dancing. Inspired by his idol Jey El, the hottest star in the world of dancing, Haneru practices outside Memorial Hall every day after school. Unbeknownst to him, his "secret" practice sessions are being watched by Kanon Otosaki—her true identity being the famous online dancer, Rhythm—who also frequents the same location for practice. When Haneru finds out about this, he shows an immediate interest in teaming up with her.  Slowly realizing the joy of performing with others, the duo makes their way into the world of street dancing, where they meet Kumonosuke, Mizuki, and Yuzuru, ultimately forming the dance group "Tribe Cool Crew." As they face off against tough competition, they strive to one day realize their dream of sharing the stage with Jey El. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
To help the fairy Queen find her disappeared friend Melody, who was a skillful music fairy from the Music Castle, Sally, Maggie, Michelle and Beibei encountering nine musical magicians and fighting with dark musical witch Voiceless. Sally and the fairies suspect that Melody is connected with the dark power behind the scene. While, what is the truth? (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia)
Nano Invaders follows the eye-popping adventures of Hikaru, 11, who is dragged into a series of battles between two rival alien clans. One day Hikaru tries on a bracelet that belongs to his classmate Mimi and he turns into a monster. Mimi’s family is a special scouting unit from planet Anima. When alien invaders from a rival planet Damon attack the city, Hikaru joins force with Mimi’s family to fight back. The battle gets on the TV, making Hikaru and the aliens instant heroes. Simple-minded Hikaru is happy to see his dream come true, not knowing that Mimi’s family is plotting to take over the earth too! (Source: Mondo TV)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
St. Muse Academy: the place for the "sound of the spirits." In order for people to live pleasantly among the sound, there is an academy where people learn to balance and control sound. Now, the five failing students receive a special mission... (Source: MAL News)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others...
A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
A Korean/Japanese co-production created by Bakugan and Dragon Ball Super contributor Atsushi Maekawa. Turning Mecard stars Jason, a grade-schooler who meets a Mecanimal, a transforming minicar from the alternate world of Triforce, named Evan. Jason and Evan are both searching for missing family members, and team up to help each other. Together, they meet more Mecanimals as they battle across dimensions and learn important lessons along the way. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
Rodeo is a normal high school boy who aims to be like GRANRODEO. Gra-P, a self-proclaimed music producer who comes from the future, tries to help him.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
A collaboration shorts that aired as part of Yomiuri TV's morning program block.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
Everyday objects come to life.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Ninja... Ninja were... merciless demi-gods, ruling Japan with their karate in the age of ninja tranquillity. But, "some" committed a forbidden form of hara-kiri storing their souls at Kinkaku Temple for future resurrection. Their lost history was falsified and concealed and the truth about these ninja was long forgotten.  Now, in the future where the universalization of cybernetic technology and electronic networks are God, suddenly, sinister ninja souls, resurrected from thousands of years past are unleashed on the dark shadows of Neo-Saitama. Fujikido Kenji, is a salaryman whose wife and child were killed in a ninja turf war. In a brush with his own death, Fujikido is possessed by an enigmatic ninja soul. Fujikido cheats death and becomes Ninja Slayer. A Grim Reaper destined to kill evil ninja, committed to a personal war of vengeance.  Set in the dystopian underworld of Neo-Saitama, Ninja Slayer takes on Soukai Syndicate ninjas in mortal combat. (Source: Animanga wikia)
The psychologist Ryou and his cheerful nurse Asuna explain many aspects of mental illness to the reader. They cover topics such as the validity, prevalence, and origins of mental disorders, in addition to addressing specific disorders. The information is imparted in a cheerful and comic manner, with various jokes, puns, and pop culture references. (Source: MU)
Trailer for a fake crossover anime created by Shaft as an April Fools' Day joke, celebrating their 40th anniversary.
True love never dies—even when it is between a human and a near-immortal youkai. Thankfully, fox spirit youkai have discovered a solution which allows a human to be reincarnated, and with the services of a Fox Spirit Matchmaker, eventually recall memories of their past life, so they can begin anew with their beloved youkai. Enter Bai Yuechu—a powerful human Taoist who desires freedom from the ruling Yi Qi Dao League—and Tushan Susu, a small and innocent fox spirit who dreams of becoming a renowned matchmaker, despite her reputation as a colossal screw-up. After Susu literally falls through the roof and into his life, Yuechu gets dragged into helping her bring together two separated lovers: prince Fan Yun Fei and his reincarnated lover, Li Xueyang. However, not everyone wants them to be reunited, including Xueyang herself. Thrown together by fate, Yuechu and Susu will discover who they truly are... and who they used to be. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site)
Episode 0 of Gatchaman Crowds Insight to be streamed on Hulu before the airing of the main series.
In the Underworld, during the fight against Hades, the 12 Gold Saints gave up their lives to destroy the Wailing Wall and allow Seiya and his friends to keep moving forward. Aioria and the Gold Saints, who should have disappeared, come back to life in this beautiful Earth full of light. How have they resurrected if they were supposed to be dead? While the big mystery remains, Aioria gets involved in a new battle and when his Cosmo exceeds its limits.. a change happens to the Leo Cloth! (Source: AniChart/AniList)
Robot Girls Z+, the new Robot Girls Z anime, will be six monthly shorts that will debut next spring. The protagonists of Team Z will appear in the new shorts, along with the reformed Team G, Team LOD, Team Gou, and characters that first appeared in the franchise's online game. The new shorts' story will be based two classic "Toei Manga Matsuri" films, Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo) and Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo G - Kuuchuu Dai-Gekitotsu (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo G - The Great Space Encounter). (Source: ANN)
In the first ad titled "Sashiire" (Insertion or Present), a song tells the story: the brand's Green Dakara-chan and Mugi-chan enter the world of The Boy and The Beast, and they give Green Da-Ka-Ra mineral water and barley tea to the movie's main character Kyūta and his beast teacher Kumatetsu. The first ad debuted online on Wednesday, and will air nationwide on Saturday. The second 15-second ad, "Market," will debut online and on television next Wednesday. Then, after the film itself opens on July 11, the campaign's website will present an exclusive 80-second version of the video. (Source: ANN)
Web version of episode 12, aired on Niconico and Daisuki. Features alternative ending. Because the Frontier S Tooru cannot believe the eradication of the Timekeepers leads to true salvation for both futures, he challenges the 17th Tooru for one last battle. The ultimate showdown begins, with the two futures at stake. (Source: AniDB)
A collaboration video between Animegatari and the Ghost in the Shell film made to promote the film.
Mikiko Amane is an elementary-school girl who has transferred schools many times. Because of this, she stopped making friends or getting deeply involved with people, since she knew she would move again soon. She had lived her life with a cool and uninterested personality, but at her new school, she meets a boy with a cat face. She's so interested in him, she just can't help herself. (Source: ANN)
Toshio Suzuki and Studio Ghibli produced the short to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the Taiko no Tatsujin (Taiko: Drum Master) rhythm game series. The short features Taiko no Tatsujin characters Don-chan and Kacchan, as well as an original mouse character. The short will also be broadcast as a TV ad later.  (Source: ANN)
Bai Xiaofei lived a dull, boring life. That all changes when, on his way to find his girlfriend, he meets a mutant with unprecedented power. As an ordinary human being, Xiaofei felt totally out of his depth; there was no way he could defeat powerful enemies and track down the cause of these strange mutations. After giving himself a shot of body enhancer bought online, however, he gradually reaches his potential. (Source: Haoliners.net)
Fate had never been kind to Ji Ning. Wracked by illnesses and infirm his entire life on Earth, Ning knew early on that he would die as a teenager. What he didn’t know was that there really was such a thing as life after death, and that the universe was a far larger place than he thought. A lucky twist of fate (one of the few in Ning’s life) meant that Ning was reborn into a world of Immortals and monsters, of Ki Refiners and powerful Fiendgods, a world where Dynasties lasted for millions of years. A world which is both greater and yet also smaller than he ever could imagine. He would have the opportunity to join them, and in this life, Ning swore to himself, he would never let himself be weak again! The Era he was born into was a Desolate one, but Ning would make it his era. (Source: Novel Update)
PV for Grendizer Giga manga.
Students in the Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya branches of HAL College of Technology and Design under supervision and sponsorship by professional mecha designer Takayuki Yanase along with other industry professionals, created a series of 3 web movies to act as commercials. The three teams—each consisting of 16 members including animators, artists and effect technicians—are working on their own advertisements to display the talent of the students and the subjects one can learn through attending HAL such as game design, anime development and even car design. Each team is drawing from the same design and story to create their own unique commercials. Initially all 3 branches released a 16-sec. CM before each completing the full 39-sec. Web Movie. Music for each creation is provided by J-rock band MY FIRST STORY. (Source: Anime News Network)
The scene is set in future Tokyo. What if there was a police car that praises drivers? "Instead of punishing bad driving, let's reward good driving" is the motto. The project is aimed to decrease car accidents on the metropolitan expressway. It is an animation that illustrates the dream of a Tokyo Smart Driver. The person driving the car is an ordinary man. He's zooming by while listening to his favorite driving song when he suddenly sees a pink car approaching him in the rearview mirror. What will be this man's destiny? *This animation is fictitious. Please obey the rules of the road.  (Source: Official Youtube Page)
A commissioned anime by the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Jibanyan introduces the attractions of the four main islands of Hawaii. The short features new Hawaiian versions of youkai. The famous locales in Hawaii featured include Kauai's Waimea Canyon, Oahu's Diamond Head, Maui's Waikiki Beach, and Hawaii's Haleakalā National Park. The youkai and kids try local cuisine and shopping.  (Source: ANN)
A and B have never met each other, but there is a thread that ties them together. (Source: Official website)
A 1/100 scale of the famous Shibuya scramble crossing done with paper stop-motion.
The shorts tell the story of two twin princesses, Berry and Flora, whose mother died giving birth to them. The two grow up until their father chooses Berry to don the title of "Onaka Hime," or Stomach Princess, who is endowed with the power to heal the kingdom's citizens of illness and make its women beautiful through using BifiX 1000. Flora is disheartened at not being chosen, yet continues her studies. When it seems Berry is yet unable to use the powers of BifiX 1000 to heal a woman who is ill, Flora steals the product to try to do it herself. When Berry finds out what Flora is up to, she takes the product back before Flora has a chance to try to use it. (Source: ANN)
Perorich is a dog-detective which his own private agency in Tokyo. He returns to Toyama City for a case but in doing so, explores the and "finds" the charm of the prefecture. The anime is a commissioned project by Toyama City in order to promote tourism.
Matsubara-kun commemorates the 60th anniversary of Matsubara's incorporation as a city. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
A short animation promoting Lion's line of toilet cleaning products.
A soon-to-be father frog neglects his pregnant wife by going on adulterous affairs.
A Matsue City collaboration anime with Eagle Talon. Yoshida book-ends the story as modern horror tales, originated within the city, are narrated by another person. The shorts are meant to promote the Patrick Lafcadio Hearn's Ghost Tour offered by the city. Some episodes feature biographical segments of the Matsue Kankou Taishi Sanri ga Iku! Matsue Ghost Tour group.
The three-episode anime series is a spinoff of the upcoming film Gokudou Daisensou (Yakuza Apocalypse). The series will stream on GYAO! starting on May 30, and Movie Channel NECO will broadcast the series starting on June 5. As in the film, Denden will play the boss of a bar, but with a snail motif. The actor's stage name, in part, comes from dendenmushi, which means "snail." (Source: ANN)
The series takes place on a fantastical world where crystals can provide great strength. Their value has led to to the rise of a unique profession: crystal hunting.
A continuation of Menghuan Xiyou.
Many years before becoming the famed captain of the Survey Corps, a young Levi struggles to survive in the capital's garbage dump, the Underground. As the boss of his own criminal operation, Levi attempts to get by with meager earnings while aided by fellow criminals, Isabel Magnolia and Farlan Church. With little hope for the future, Levi accepts a deal from the anti-expedition faction leader Nicholas Lobov, who promises the trio citizenship aboveground if they are able to successfully assassinate Erwin Smith, a squad leader of the Survey Corps. As Levi and Erwin cross paths, Erwin acknowledges Levi's agility and skill and gives him the option to either become part of the expedition team, or be turned over to the Military Police, to atone for his crimes. Now closer to the man they are tasked to kill, the group plans to complete their mission and save themselves from a grim demise in the dim recesses of their past home. However, they are about to learn that the surface world is not as liberating as they had thought and that sometimes, freedom can come at a heavy price. Based on the popular spin-off manga of the same name, Shingeki no Kyojin: Kuinaki Sentaku illustrates the encounter between two of Shingeki no Kyojin's pivotal characters, as well as the events of the 23rd expedition beyond the walls. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After his single father gets remarried, Keita Suminoe not only finds himself with a new mother, but also two beautiful twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko. Their close bond as children soon grows into something more personal, and Keita finds himself in a real bind that he vigorously struggles to escape from.  For the twins, the transition from little girls to teenagers brought about changes in appearance as well as emotional growth. Their love for Keita became something more than brotherly love, as they were both overcome with romantic feelings and pure lust. These innocent girls, being a couple of honest young ladies, could not help but confess their newborn love to their poor little brother. Hilarity ensues as Keita, who refuses to see the two as anything other than his sisters, then starts getting into embarrassing, sensual and lustful situations with them. Will Keita cross the line of incest or will he be able to protect his family jewels? Kiss x Sis is an ecchi-filled harem anime that may make you blush a bit, but it will also surely make you laugh.
Episodes released on DVDs bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the Nisekoi manga.
OVA bundled with the 15th and 16th volume of the manga. 15th volume DVD will feature the sin of greed as the central character. 16th volume DVD will feature side stories of the main characters in omnibus format. (Source: MAL News)
Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volume of the manga.
Not so long ago, mysterious structures called Dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the Dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned.  In a Parthevian port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a Dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved. Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Magi: Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a Dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
OVA bundled with the 11th Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso manga volume. The OVA will focus on Kousei, Emi, and Takeshi when they were younger, showing their troubles during their competitions and the beginning of their rivalry. (Source: Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso Wikia)
An unaired episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament, bundled with the eighth light novel volume.
What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass? The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla." The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed. (Source: Official website)
A new OVA of the light novel Haiyore! Nyaruko-san, titled Haiyore! Nyaruko-san F, has been green-lit. (Source: MAL News)
OVA bundled with 12th manga volume. The OVA includes a popular chapter that was not adapted in the TV series. (Source: MAL News, edited)
A 2-episode OVA for Suisei no Gargantia revealed during an announcement at AnimeJapan 2014. (Source: MAL News)
When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind! (Source: MU) Bundled with the limited edition 5th, 6th, and 7th manga volumes.
Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01. Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News)
The bastard son of a rich aristocrat is hellbent on seeking revenge ever since his father abandoned him and his mother. He decides to teach his father a lesson by destroying what he treasures the most, his two daughters. He infiltrates their prestigious school with a magical time-freezing device he received from a witch—and proceeds to repeatedly rape his half-sisters, leaving them confused, helpless and begging for mercy. (Source: Hentai Haven)
Satoshi Ashifuji is a working student attending university under a scholarship. Somehow, he ends up with the custody of the dormitory Kissuisou, but its residents are all women with big problems! Furthermore, when fixing the dorm's clock tower, a self-proclaimed Zashiki-warashi who calls herself Ibaraki appears, beckoning even more trouble. With all those currently residing emanating such ridiculously negative auras, if nothing changes within half a year some terrible misfortune would befall the dorm which would get demolished regardless of its condition. If that happens, with no place left to go, all that negativity would pile themselves onto Satoshi, paving a future life of hell for him. To avoid such a disaster, Satoshi decides to inject some positivity infused with Ibaraki's powers into the lives of the residents. In other words, it doesn't matter where they do it as long as he comes inside! In this way, the overly reckless ejaculation strategy with regards to the dorm's residents Satoshi bet his life on commences. (Source: VNDB)
Based on the adult visual novel by Hadashi Shoujo. 
Sequel to Futabu!! Based on the adult doujin by BOSSHI.
Recap OVA of Love Live! School Idol Project 2nd. 
Hazuki Mizushiro is a very popular teacher in school. One day, student Aoi gets enough courage to write a love letter to her. Much to his enjoyment, she responds to this letter. 
OVA produced by the manga publisher Toranoana. Maria is a high class Victorian Maid. She works incredibly hard to satisfy her master's every whim, whether in his study, the bath, or bedroom. Shy and sultry all at once, can you resist her allure and willingness to serve? (Source: H-Moe)
Love and romance eluded the life of Youichi Shiraishi through his teenage years and his twenties. Throwing himself fully into his career as a teacher limited his opportunities for much else in life. Now in his thirties, love has finally entered his world thanks to one of his students, Sae Inagaki. Smart, athletic, and devoted, Sae’s initial proposition to cook for Youichi quickly transitioned into her declaring her love and affection for him. Though their positions as teacher and student make their love forbidden, Youichi is determined to teach his student and now girlfriend a great deal about human sexuality. The second episode features Youichi in a different setting of Shoujo Kyouiku, this time with the young photography student, Asami Hinada. All those years of longing for love helped foster a great deal of sexual kinks within Youichi. Will Asami be able to embrace him despite them? Or perhaps she’ll love him because of them?
Based on the adult game by Bishop. 
Based on the adult novel by Minami Ebinuma and Squeez.
Arata Asaoka lives with his despicable, chauvinist father and older brother. A house of three men. Arata was an illegitimate child. Bearing only a tenuous blood relation to the man who bastarded him into the world, he was treated like a second-rate human. With nowhere else to go, Arata suffered the cruelty of his father and brother for years. For years, he forced a smile and pretended happiness for the sake of strangers... One day he met the girl who gave him hope. Her name was Koharu Hinomoto. She was a ray of sunshine. Being with Koharu made Arata feel good, and he fell deep in love. He began to believe that his life could be better. Arata decided he would move out and live with her. Even without money, they could make it work. Anything was better than how he lived right now. Arata knew in his heart that he could make a warm, loving family with Koharu. If he could just move out... before his despicable family ruins everything. (Source: dlsite)
An-chan who works at a maid masseuse parlor pampers her crush and client Koide-kun exclusively. He might not be the coolest or the most confident like his friend Sataki-kun, but guess which one she loves? School idol Aoyagi cheerfully sells sex tapes starring herself to a socially low-ranked student Nozaki. He wonders why she would sell such things to him and comes to a somewhat grim answer. (Source: Hentai Heaven)
Based on the adult game by Elf. Maro works as a doctor. He is a pervert. One day, Sakimi came to his doctor's office asking about a small pain and soon he begin to gain her trust and he begin to give her advice about marriage life, specially about to make babies. Of course, he takes advantage of her trust and begun to sexually caress her in several parts of her body. One day, the doctor did it in the front of her husband, resulting in the husband smashing the doctor's hands. He cannot use his hands anymore for some time and Sakimi begin to help the doctor since she fell responsible for it (she never doubted of the doctor she always think that the doctor is just doing his job caressing her). The doctor now cannot eat, bath and even urinate alone without the help of Sakimi, and she with good will try to help him out in everything. What will happen next? (Source: VNDB)
An anime short for the Pokemon XY series. It is available in Japan along with the purchasing of a ticket for Hoopa and the Clash of Ages movie, which this short ties into.  (Source: Bulbapedia)
Based on the game by WendyBell. A beautiful girl's body is inhabited by a tentacle monster that forces her to attack other cute girls.
The fate of the world rests in the vaginas of three “fruits,” who conveniently happen to be school girls. If these “fruits” are harvested, aka deflowered, the world will be destroyed. Based on the erotic game by LiLiM.  (Source: Hentai Haven)
Based on the adult manga by Miyabi.
Based on the adult manga by Sayu Ayuma. Keita has been serving Himeko for a very long time, as a childhood friend and as a servant. On the evening before her birthday though, she confesses to having a fiancé, and asks his opinion on it. It turns out she meant a promise he forgot, but he finds a way to make up for it. Yamato finally confessed to his long time crush Nadeshiko, and she said yes! But now that they've been dating, he's scared of defiling her with his lewd thoughts and desires. When she offers him to stay the night after a study session, she makes sure to let him know that she's not as innocent as she appears. (Source: H-Moe)
Based on the adult manga by Araiguma.
Based on the adult manga by Shiokombu (しおこんぶ).
Bundled with Kotobukiya's pack of Frame Arms model kits. (Source: AniDB)
Bundled with the limited edition sixth volume of the manga. It will be between 10 to 15 minutes long and will adapt the events of the first volume. (Source: MAL News) The hero and author of Sanzoku Diary is Okamoto Kentarou. When he was young, he lived out in the country, and he knew an old man who was a hunter. In 2009, Kentarou was inspired to leave Tokyo and return to Okayama Prefecture to become a hunter himself. Using an air rifle and traps, Kentarou hunts, prepares, and eats various animals. The manga covers all his hunting-related activities in close detail.  (Source: MangaHelpers)
Another edition of Genki Genki Non-tan, this one's focus is "trying hard." Between trying to get along with your sibling, to trying to fall asleep for nap time, to trying to be brave when you think something is scary.
The story takes place one year after the TV series. Akihito, half human and half youmu, fights against a new threat that intends on seeking Mirai whilst protecting his closest friends. (Source: ANN)
An Earth where peace has arrived. However, remnants of Frieza's army Sorbet and Tagoma (from the Japanese word for 'egg') arrive on the planet. Their goal is to revive Frieza with the dragon balls. Their dastardly wish is granted, the "F" that plans its revenge against the Saiyans is revived...!  (Source: MAL)
Hot on the heels of the third year students' graduation, μ's is invited to New York in hopes of spreading the joy of school idols to other parts of the world. Due to the events of the recent Love Live!, μ's has reached eminent stardom which results in crowds swarming them whenever they appear in public. With the increased attention, however, comes a difficult choice. Having yet to publicly announce the decision they came to regarding their future, the young members of μ's are pushed to continue performing by rival group A-RISE, Otonokizaka High School, and even Love Live! itself. As leader, Honoka Kousaka is left wondering if the path they have chosen is truly for the best, as μ's must re-evaluate their choices and come to a final decision on what they want for the future. Love Live! The School Idol Movie depicts the final chapter in μ's story as the girls explore just what being an idol means to them as well as the bond that connects the nine of them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After discovering the face of their true enemy—someone who is related to Akito and responsible for the Geass placed upon him—W-0 attempts to return to their base at Castle Weisswolf. However, stranded in Warsaw due to a complication involving their military identification, they are forced to accept the help of local gypsies, allowing the squad to take some time to deepen their bonds. Meanwhile, Britannian advisor Julius Kingsley and his guard Suzaku Kururugi begin working together with the Knights of St. Michael in order to crush the European resistance once and for all, armed with the destructive power of a giant weapon known as the Ark Fleet. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On a warm summer day, a boy heard the sound of bells ringing, as if in celebration, in the mountain near his home. Several years later in that same mountain, the mushishi Ginko encounters a strange girl with weeds growing out of her body. Soon after, Ginko coincidentally runs into the now grown-up boy Yoshiro on his way off the mountain. With Yoshiro’s help, Ginko soon begins to uncover who this mysterious girl is and what happened to her. An adaptation of the last arc in the manga, Mushishi Zoku Shou: Suzu no Shizuku follows Ginko’s peculiar journey amidst the occult to unravel the mystery behind the enigmatic girl called Kaya and the mountain that has become her home. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Recap of episodes 14-25. 
"I kind of understand now... You're afraid of losing things, right?" The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called ‘Shadows’ is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred. In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... (Source: Official website)
In the year 2027, a year following the end of the non-nuclear World War IV, a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization. Public Security official Daisuke Aramaki hires full-body cyber prosthesis user and hacker extraordinaire, Motoko Kusanagi, to investigate. (Source: Wikipedia)
The film takes place on a certain isolated island, at a certain middle school, and on the eve of the culture festival. A boy quits baseball after playing his whole life and has a fight with his best friend. Then, they suddenly meet a mysterious, red-eyed girl named Noruda, and a huge typhoon hits the middle school. (Source: ANN)
The time: 1814. The place: Edo, now known as Tokyo. One of the highest populated cities in the world, teeming with peasants, samurai, townsmen, merchants, nobles, artists, courtesans, and perhaps even supernatural things. A much accomplished artist of his time and now in his mid-fifties, Tetsuzo can boast clients from all over Japan, and tirelessly works in the garbage-loaded chaos of his house-atelier. He spends his days creating astounding pieces of art, from a giant-size Bodhidharma portrayed on a 180 square meter-wide sheet of paper, to a pair of sparrows painted on a tiny rice grain. Short-tempered, utterly sarcastic, with no passion for sake or money, he would charge a fortune for any job he is not really interested in. Third of Tetsuzo's four daughters and born out of his second marriage, outspoken 23-year-old O-Ei has inherited her father's talent and stubbornness, and very often she would paint instead of him, though uncredited. Her art is so powerful that sometimes leads to trouble. "We're father and daughter; with two brushes and four chopsticks, I guess we can always manage, in a way or another." Decades later, Europe was going to discover the immense talent of Tetsuzo. He was to become best known by one of his many names: Katsushika Hokusai. He would mesmerize Renoir and van Gogh, Monet and Klimt. However, very few today are even aware of the woman who assisted him all his life, and greatly contributed to his art while remaining uncredited. This is the untold story of O-Ei, Master Hokusai's daughter: a lively portrayal of a free-spirited woman overshadowed by her larger-than-life father, unfolding through the changing seasons. (Source: Production I.G)
Kaitou Kid and Vincent van Gogh's artworks feature heavily in the movie, according to an interview with Gosho Aoyama. The teaser preview at the end of Dimensional Sniper included references to van Gogh's "Sunflowers" series. (Source: Wikipedia)
The second movie in a trilogy.
The first movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
The movie will compile the episodes from the second season of the anime, and will also have new cuts of animation. (Source: ANN)
Short animations screened during intermission at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku. Eight episodes were shown in theaters, but only six were included on the DVD release.
Short videos shown in theaters before Love Live! The School Idol Movie which teach basic theater manners.
Hiroshi was ordered to be the manager of his company's Mexico branch in order to collect the fruit of a new type of cactus that has the sweetest nectar. So, Nohara family packs up and moves to Mexico to live there. They had to bid farewell to their acquaintances and the citizens of Kasukabe with tears. Shinnosuke heard that Mexican young girls are stylish and beautiful and became eager for this journey. On arriving at Mardequellyovaca city in Mexico, a new life full of anxiety, surrounded by unique neighbors awaits them. But Shinnosuke and Nohara family had no idea that flesh-eating killer cactuses are going to attack. To save the town, the Nohara family and their neighbors work together to fight against "Killer Cactus".  (Source: Wikipedia)
This movie is a Japanese-Korean co-production. Released in Korea under the name Gonyeoseog Masnagessda 2: Hamkkelaseo Haengboghae.
(No synopsis yet.)
Unaired episodes of Angel Beats! included in the seventh volume of the Blu-ray and DVD, and another included in the Blu-ray Box.
Having attended Mihama Academy for about a year, Yuuji Kazami has seemingly found his place within the school, but he suddenly decides to pursue a promotion in CIRS. After consulting JB about his intentions, they both thoroughly examine Yuuji's documents and dissect the events of his upbringing to determine if the job is fit for him. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to the two, the girls of Mihama uncover some torn documents in Yuuji's room. After restoring the papers, they discover the story that has formed—or perhaps broken—Yuuji into the man he is today. However, what was thought to be history has haunted him to the present, and the chains of the past begin to drag him back into the darkness... [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Amagi Brilliant Park.
Short specials added to Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
A recap episode of episodes 1 through 10 of Kekkai Sensen. Leonardo Watch reflects on his experiences at Libra.
Bundled with limited edition of the 58th Gintama manga volume. The tagline for the bundled anime reads, "It's time for all the Yorozuya members ...to wake up just one more time." (Source: MAL News, edited)
Animated bloopers included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the Kuroko no Basket 3rd Season.
Short specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
Promotion video for Shougo Kinugasa and Shunsaku Tomose's light novel Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e.
Picture drama included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 3 Blu-ray/DVD release.
Unaired short specials included in the second through fifth Blu-ray and DVD volumes Etotama.
Meiji is holding a "Meiji x Kokosake & anohana Receipt Oubo Campaign" from June 2 to October 16 to commemorate the September 19 opening of the Kokoro ga Sakebitagatterun Da. (Kokosake) film. The Ano Hi Mita Hana no Namae o Boku-tachi wa Mada Shiranai. (anohana) and Toradora! anime staff are making this original anime and anohana's Menma character sings Meiji Chocolate's theme song in the campaign's commercials. (Source: ANN)
Schick x Evangelion commercials.
Three special episodes of Inferno Cop. The first features cameos of characters from Little Witch Academia. The third episode involves Inferno Cop traveling to New Jersey, where he comes across Donald Trump.
A short series featuring the mythical Pokemon Hoopa.
A special show explaining how the TV and web versions are different throughout the series. Also shows the Kikan/Kaze no Yukue ending.
Recap of the Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha ViVid TV anime.
A recap episode of Ore, Twintail ni Narimasu. that aired exclusively on BS-TBS. It starts with a chibi Souji and Aika speaking to the viewer before delving into the body of the recap where they comment about the events of the TV anime. The voice actors of Souji and Aika both represent themselves and the characters they voice flipping between sounding like their characters and speaking casually as real people. The recaps ends with chibi Souji and Aika thanking the viewer and then talking about how fun the Ore, Twintail ni Narimasu. live-event was (which clips are shown of) and asking viewers to visit the official site to find news about future events.
Unaired Sengoku Musou High School segments bundled with the third through sixth Blu-ray volumes of Sengoku Musou.
The West Japan Railway Company (JR West) began streaming a 15-second commercial for its "Natsu ga Zoku Zoku! Natsu Kazoku! Summer Train!" (Summer is Thrilling! Summer Family! Summer Train!) campaign on Tuesday. The commercial shows a family taking a JR West bullet train line for their summer vacation. (Source: ANN)
Picture dramas bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Tesagure! Bukatsumono Spin-off Purupurun Sharumu to Asobou.
A promotional video for the manga of the same name. Premiered at Anime Japan 2015 and was subsequently released on Bandai Namco's YouTube channel on April 2, 2015.
Commercial for Marukome brand foods partnership with Tanita cafeterias.
A short created for Hendo-san's wedding party. The video was uploaded to YouTube a day after the wedding.
Commissioned by Nara City in order to promote tourism to the region, Ryou Inoue made a series of quirky videos. Some aired on Japanese television while others were web releases.
Unreleased episodes of Shin Skyers 5 released to the public nearly five decades later on the HD Remaster DVD-BD Box Set 2. These specials are sometimes noted with 13 episodes, as the first episode of this batch is a colored version of episode 12 from Skyers 5's TV series. No changes were made to the dialogue, story, or animation except for it receiving a color-swap. As such it will not be included in the episode count as Skyers 5's main entry adequately accounts for this episode.
Unreleased episodes of Skyers 5 released to the public nearly five decades later on the HD Remaster DVD-BD Box Set 1.
