The seemingly ordinary and unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby: being a hero. In order to pursue his childhood dream, he trained relentlessly for three years—and lost all of his hair in the process. Now, Saitama is incredibly powerful, so much so that no enemy is able to defeat him in battle. In fact, all it takes to defeat evildoers with just one punch has led to an unexpected problem—he is no longer able to enjoy the thrill of battling and has become quite bored.  This all changes with the arrival of Genos, a 19-year-old cyborg, who wishes to be Saitama's disciple after seeing what he is capable of. Genos proposes that the two join the Hero Association in order to become certified heroes that will be recognized for their positive contributions to society, and Saitama, shocked that no one knows who he is, quickly agrees. And thus begins the story of One Punch Man, an action-comedy that follows an eccentric individual who longs to fight strong enemies that can hopefully give him the excitement he once felt and just maybe, he'll become popular in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yato and Yukine have finally mended their relationship as god and Regalia, and everyone has returned to their daily life. Yato remains a minor and unknown deity who continues taking odd jobs for five yen apiece in the hopes of one day having millions of worshippers and his own grand shrine. Hiyori Iki has yet to have her loose soul fixed by Yato, but she enjoys life and prepares to attend high school nonetheless. Taking place immediately after the first season, Noragami Aragoto delves into the complicated past between Yato and the god of war Bishamon. The female god holds a mysterious grudge against Yato, which often results in violent clashes between them. It doesn't help that Bishamon's most trusted and beloved Regalia, Kazuma, appears to be indebted to Yato. When lives are on the line, unraveling these mysteries and others may be the only way to correct past mistakes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following their participation at the Inter-High, the Karasuno High School volleyball team attempts to refocus their efforts, aiming to conquer the Spring tournament instead.  When they receive an invitation from long-standing rival Nekoma High, Karasuno agrees to take part in a large training camp alongside many notable volleyball teams in Tokyo and even some national level players. By playing with some of the toughest teams in Japan, they hope not only to sharpen their skills, but also come up with new attacks that would strengthen them. Moreover, Hinata and Kageyama attempt to devise a more powerful weapon, one that could possibly break the sturdiest of blocks.  Facing what may be their last chance at victory before the senior players graduate, the members of Karasuno's volleyball team must learn to settle their differences and train harder than ever if they hope to overcome formidable opponents old and new—including their archrival Aoba Jousai and its world-class setter Tooru Oikawa. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
There exist few humans in this world with the ability to manipulate their souls to form powerful weapons. Dubbed "Blazers," these people study and train at the prestigious Hagun Academy to become Mage-Knights; among the students is so-called failure Ikki Kurogane, the sole F-rated Blazer. However, when the worst student in the academy sees Stella Vermillion, an A-ranked Blazer who also happens to be a princess, naked, she challenges him to a duel with dire stakes—the loser becomes the slave of the winner. There’s no possible way that Stella can lose, right? Rakudai Kishi no Cavalry follows the story of Ikki as he tries to prove his strength to a world that believes him to be the weakest, all the while gaining new friends, wisdom, and experience. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuuichirou Hyakuya is finally reunited with his childhood friend Mikaela Hyakuya, whom he had long presumed to be dead. Upon their reunion, however, he discovers that Mikaela has been turned into a vampire. Determined to help his friend, Yuuichirou vows to get stronger so that he can protect Mikaela as well as the comrades in the Moon Demon Company.  Kureto Hiiragi receives information that a large group of vampires will be gathering in Nagoya, preparing for their assault on the Imperial Demon Army's main forces in Tokyo. Led by Guren Ichinose, Yuuichirou's team is one of many selected to intercept and eliminate the vampire nobles.  With the Nagoya mission quickly approaching, the members of Shinoa squad continue to work towards fully mastering their weapons, while learning how to improve their teamwork. Yuuichirou must gain the power he needs to slay the nobles and save his best friend, before he succumbs to the demon of the Cursed Gear. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Long, long ago, an epic catastrophe, known as Invertia, caused a complete change in the world's power balance. In the years following this disaster, a group known as the Integrated Enterprise Foundation rose to power. In addition to this massive change, a new breed of humans born with amazing physical skills known as Genestella also emerged and joined the ranks of humanity. Gakusen Toshi Asterisk follows the story of Ayato Amagiri, a student who has just transferred into one of the six most elite schools for Genestella students in the world—Seidoukan Academy—where students learn to control their powers and duel against each other in entertainment battles known as festas. Unfortunately, Ayato gets off to a rough start. When trying to return a lost handkerchief to a female classmate, he accidentally sees her changing which leads to her challenging him to a duel. What most people don't realize however, is that Ayato has no real interest in festas and instead has an alternative motive for joining this prestigious school. What is Ayato's big secret? Will he be able to keep up his act when surrounded by some of the greatest Genestella in the world?
A peculiar transfer student named Ougi Oshino has just arrived at Naoetsu Private High School. She is quickly introduced to senior student Koyomi Araragi by their mutual friend Kanbaru Suruga, in hopes of obtaining advice regarding a strange discovery she has made. After taking a look at the school's layout, Ougi notices that a classroom has appeared in an otherwise empty area—a place that should not exist.  Unsure if this is the work of an apparition, Araragi and Ougi attempt to unravel the truth behind this enigma. But Araragi soon discovers, after finding himself locked in with Ougi, that the room holds the memory of an event he had long since forgotten. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tensions are running high among the clans as the Green King begins making moves that threaten to drive the world into pandemonium. Following the death of the Gold King, the safety of the Dresden Slate, the source of power of the Kings, is under threat. Nagare Hisui, the sly and mysterious leader of the Green Clan Jungle, is determined to procure the powerful Slate by any means possible. Standing directly in his way is Sceptre 4, the Blue Clan, headed by their unyielding King, Reisi Munakata. However, the grim sight of his crumbling Sword of Damocles leaves the stability of his clan and all of Japan in jeopardy. Meanwhile, still recovering from their tragic losses, Anna Kushina and her aggressive clan HOMRA find themselves caught up in the Green King’s games. Amidst the chaos, Kurou Yatogami and Neko are left vulnerable while their beloved friend, Yashiro Isana, the Silver King, remains missing.  K: Return of Kings tells the struggle of the remaining clans against the Green King’s formidable forces as one final king appears. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Basara Toujou has a hard life. He is the older step-brother to two demonic sisters, Mio and Maria Naruse, whom he protects from entitled demons looking to claim Mio's power for themselves. On top of that, rising political tension within the demon realm only makes his job more difficult. When a messenger arrives with summons for Mio to the demon realm, she and her friends go in spite of the danger. Now on the enemy's turf, Basara will have to grow stronger through erotic pleasure in order to do the impossible and protect everyone. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a world plagued by magical dangers and threats, there exist special warriors—known as Inquisitors—who are tasked with non-violently preventing these threats and nefarious actions. The Anti-Magic Academy is a specialized school built to educate and train these Inquisitors, which splits its students into small squads in order to train them to work together. Among these talented squads is the 35th Test Platoon, also known as the "Small Fry Platoon" due to its low ranking and incompetent members.  However, everything changes when Ouka Ootori, a powerful yet rebellious former Inquisitor, is forced into joining due to her tendency to break rules and committing a serious violation: the killing of a witch. Tempers flare upon her arrival, as she clashes with their clumsy captain Takeru Kusanagi and argues with the rest of the squad over her views on witches. This eclectic group has a long way to go if they wish to succeed and climb the ranks at the Anti-Magic Academy: they must first set aside their differences and come to work together as a team. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kimito Kagurazaka is a commoner with a fetish for men's muscles—or at least that's the lie he must keep telling if he wants to keep himself out of trouble at the elite all-girls school, Seikain Academy. Kidnapped by the school under the assumption that he prefers men, Kimito is made to be their "commoner sample," exposing the girls to both commoner and man so that the transition to the world after school is not jarring. Threatened with castration should his sexual preferences not match the school's assumptions, Kimito keeps up the facade to protect his manhood. But there are eccentric individuals around every corner who begin to make Kimito's life even more difficult. Among them are Aika Tenkuubashi, a social outcast who blurts out whatever comes to mind; Hakua Shiodome, a young genius; Karen Jinryou, the daughter of samurai who is obsessed with defeating Kimito; and Reiko Arisugawa, the perfect student who has delusions of marrying Kimito. Along with the commoner himself, these four girls make up the Commoner Club, which attempts to teach the girls more about life outside the school, while Kimito gradually learns about the odd girls surrounding him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When Shoutarou Tatewaki first meets Sakurako Kujou, he knows his life will never be the same. Initially believing her to be responsible for a disappearance in the neighborhood, he later learns of her true talent: analyzing bone specimens. Sakurako has quite the collection of reconstructed animal bones, but she wishes she had more of the human variety, much to the chagrin of those around her. Soon, Shoutarou begins accompanying the eccentric osteologist on the many different unsolved cases she comes across—usually in the form of decomposing bodies. But with so many incidents happening around them, could there be a larger mystery at work in their lives? Sakurako-san no Ashimoto ni wa Shitai ga Umatteiru is a story of two unlikely partners, each showing in their own way that bones can tell how one died, but only people can tell how they lived. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Over three hundred years have passed since the Calamity War, the great conflict between Earth and its outer space colonies. Now Earth is ruled over by four economic blocs, and the military organization Gjallarhorn is responsible for keeping the peace. Mars, on the other hand, depends heavily on Earth's economy. Horrified by the appalling living conditions that Mars' inhabitants have to bear, Kudelia Aina Bernstein, a young aristocrat from the Chryse Autonomous Region, gets involved in the Red Planet's independence movement. She hires the services of a local company, Chryse Guard Security (CGS), to escort her on the journey to Earth to negotiate economic conditions with the earthly bloc that controls the region. The Third Army Division—consisting of Mikazuki Augus, Orga Itsuka, and many other child soldiers—are chosen to protect her. When Gjallarhorn attacks the CGS facilities to assassinate the young revolutionary threatening their interests, Orga and his comrades must not let the attackers accomplish their goal—in fact, Gjallarhorn's actions might turn out to be the unintentional catalyst that leads the children to be the forgers of their own destiny. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a research facility hidden away on a remote island, genius programmer Shiki Magata has lived as a recluse for years. She rarely sees guests, but associate professor Souhei Saikawa and university student Moe Nishinosono still seek her out. However, their meeting is cut short when they are caught up in a locked-room murder mystery.  Everything is not as it seems, and many secrets are hidden. Within an isolated facility, a seemingly impossible and gruesome crime takes place, and Saikawa and Moe must unravel the truth behind the murder and Magata's shrouded past. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The majority of the Matsuno household is comprised of six identical siblings: self-centered leader Osomatsu, manly Karamatsu, voice of reason Choromatsu, cynical Ichimatsu, hyperactive Juushimatsu, and lovable Todomatsu. Despite each one of them being over the age of 20, they are incredibly lazy and have absolutely no motivation to get a job, choosing to live as NEETs instead. In the rare occurrence that they try to look for employment and are somehow able to land an interview, their unique personalities generally lead to their swift rejection. From trying to pick up girlfriends to finding the perfect job, the daily activities of the Matsuno brothers are never dull as they go on all sorts of crazy, and often downright bizarre, adventures. Though they desperately search for a way to improve their social standing, it won't be possible if they can't survive the various challenges that come with being sextuplets! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the distant future, the nature of war has changed. "Objects"—massive, spherical tanks impermeable to standard weaponry and armed with destructive firepower—rule the battlefield; their very deployment ensures victory, rendering traditional armies useless. However, this new method of warfare is about to be turned on its head. Qwenthur Barbotage, a student studying Object Design, and Havia Winchell, a radar analyst of noble birth, serve in the Legitimate Kingdom's 37th Mobile Maintenance Battalion, tasked with supporting the Baby Magnum, one of the nation's Objects. Unfortunately, a battle gone awry places the duo in a precarious situation: mere infantry stand face-to-face against the unfathomable might of an enemy Object. As they scramble to save themselves and their fellow soldiers, a glimmer of hope shines through, and the world's perception of Objects is changed forever. Heavy Object follows these two soldiers alongside Milinda Brantini, the Baby Magnum's pilot, and their commanding officer Frolaytia Capistrano as the unit treks all over the globe to fight battle after battle. Facing one impossible situation after another, they must summon all their wit and courage to overcome the insurmountable foes that are Objects. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On his first day of junior high, Eren Yeager comes face-to-face with a titan—and has his lunch stolen! From that day on, he holds a grudge against titans for taking his favorite food from him, a cheeseburger, vowing to eliminate their kind once and for all. Along with his adoptive sister Mikasa Ackerman and their friend Armin Arlert, the trio traverse the halls of Titan Junior High, encountering familiar faces and participating in various extracurricular activities as part of the Wall Cleanup Club. A parody of the immensely popular parent series, Shingeki! Kyojin Chuugakkou places beloved characters as junior high school students, fighting to protect their lunches from gluttonous titans. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the world of Gift, the bowels of the planet hide a highly sought after crystalline substance known as Giftium. A young boy on Gift named Sougo Amagi inherited his interest in Giftium from his mother, a researcher. As an inhabitant of Garden Indigo, a small and prosperous miner's town, Sougo has many opportunities to forage and collect rare crystals that can only be found there. However, the most exciting treasure that Sougo discovers is not a crystal, but a person. After being pulled into a school quarrel, he plummets into the deep caverns of an old mine. There, in the abysmal depths of the earth, Felia—an enigmatic girl with red eyes and blue hair—emerges from a large crystal. Through this strange first encounter, bonds of friendship are formed between Felia and Sougo. But Felia is being pursued by a secret organization that aims to use her powers for their own benefit, and Sougo and his friends must help her, all while discovering the true nature of this girl from the crystal. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Naïve 16-year-old Mamori Tokonome is accustomed to being teased at school for having an unfortunate surname that can also be read as "virgin." However, young Mamori will soon have to get used to being teased in other ways... Kidnapped during gym class, Mamori wakes up only to find herself stranded and under attack on the exotic island of Mermaid. Luckily, enigmatic fellow castaway Mirei Shikishima knows exactly how to take the lead—through a passionate kiss, Mirei unleashes Mamori's Exter transformation abilities, turning the innocent red-head into a battle-ready cutlass through the power of arousal. The duo will need to tap into that power as Mermaid Island is full of potential friends and foes: Charlotte, the sadistic Liberator of an Exter harem; the gluttonous and crafty Meifon; the mysterious but charismatic Akira Hiiragi; and the erotic biker duo Lady Lady. Mamori and Mirei's powerful and intimate embrace is the only way for the pair to ensure their survival on this scandalous island. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Waking up cold and alone in the woods, a nameless man is surrounded by unfamiliar scenes. Without any memories, he is utterly lost until he stumbles upon Kuon—a young girl with animal ears and a tail. She saves him, leading him back to her town while protecting them both from "boro-gigiri"—giant centipede-like creatures—and a mysterious red slime. After they arrive, she names him Haku after a prominent historical figure from the area. He quickly realizes he is one of a kind—the only one without animal ears and a tail. The two journey to the capital of Yamato, the country in which Kuon lives, meeting more people and making new friends, all the while unknowingly delving deeper into the politics and inner conflicts of Yamato... Utawarerumono: Itsuwari no Kamen follows Haku as he slowly uncovers the secrets of this alien world. He works to solve the mysteries surrounding the red slimes, as well as to stop war from erupting among the nearby countries. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Third season of Yuru Yuri.
With a new year comes new adventures, especially at the Rabbit House! Since her arrival at the café, Kokoa Hoto has become accustomed to her new life as a waitress even though the Rabbit House isn't the rabbit paradise she initially envisioned it to be. Life is pleasant, and she enjoys spending time both working and playing with her friends and fellow waitresses Chino Kafuu, a cute middle school student with a fuzzy bunny companion named Tippy, and Rize Tedeza, the pig-tailed daughter of a soldier who is readily armed for any scenario. Together with Chiya Ujimatsu and Sharo Kirima, who also work at neighboring cafés in town, the Rabbit House crew gets involved in all sorts of crazy adventures. Throughout these adventures, the girls encounter troubled novelists, rival cafes, secret treasure, and... alcoholic chocolates? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yui Komori, still held captive by the Sakamaki brothers—pureblood vampires after her blood—experiences yet more bizarre twists to her life following her stay at their household. Though haunted by enigmatic dreams, Yui soon deciphers their meaning when caught in a car crash, which subsequently leads to meeting four new vampires: the Mukami brothers, Ruki, Azusa, Kou, and Yuuma, who themselves capture the bewildered girl. Yui later awakens in the Mukami mansion, where the brothers reveal their plans for her: she is their "Eve," and her blood will find the "Adam" among them; together, they will have the power to rule the world. However, with the Sakamaki brothers hot on their heels, things might not go quite as smoothly as they had imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ritsuka Tachibana has always been a good student, so she is completely shocked when she is suddenly summoned by the student council. Even more, they seem to think of Ritsuka as a troublemaker. Led by the handsome Rem Kaginuki, the student council—also consisting of Urie Sogami, Shiki Natsumizaka and Mage Nanashiro—tries to question her, but it soon becomes clear that they have ulterior motives.  However, this is only the beginning. When her mother gets kidnapped, her life is turned upside down, and Ritsuka gets drawn into a world of vampires and devils. Both groups are searching for the "Grimoire," a forbidden item allowing its owner to rule the world. The return of her brother Lindo from overseas gives her hope, but even he appears to be hiding something. In a world filled with secrets, Ritsuka questions whom she can trust in this dark musical tale, while the handsome and dangerous members of the student council compete for her attention.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On a sunny July day in the 41st year of the Shinka Era, Jirou Hitoyoshi is tasked with covertly listening in on a secret meeting between a top government scientist and an industrial spy. However, his cover is blown, and the spy reveals himself to be an alien in disguise. Amidst the ensuing chaos, Jirou enlists the aid of cafe waitress and magical girl Kikko Hoshino, one of many "superhumans" who blend into society and secretly protect humanity from extraterrestrial threats. As a member of the government agency known as the Super Population Research Laboratory, Jirou has the dual task of protecting superhumans that defend humanity and disposing of any deemed too dangerous to live. Having proven herself a worthy ally, Kikko is invited to join the agency as its newest recruit. Fast forward five years: disapproval and distaste for superhumans are now commonplace in Tokyo. From government corruption and conflicting ideas of justice, to the morality of superhuman rights, the relationship between humans and the supernatural minority balances precariously in a world pervaded by whispers of unrest and unease. Under mysterious circumstances, Jirou has betrayed the agency, and is now a fugitive on the run. As he skulks through the rainy back alleys of Shinjuku, he is pursued by the very same superhumans that he himself once recruited. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Opportunities won't wait for you to be ready." – Aria Kanzaki In the world of Hidan no Aria AA, there are special students called Butei who are authorized to carry weapons, investigate crimes and solve various incidents. One of the best of these students is an S-rank second year at Tokyo Butei High School named Aria Kanzaki. On the opposite end of the scale is E-rank first year named Akari Mamiya. Akari absolutely idolizes Aria and wants to become an elite Butei just like her but sadly she just isn't very good and constantly fails her rank exams. One day she gets the bright idea to submit a request to become Aria's Amica (assistant), despite her friends telling her that she shouldn't even bother due to the disparity in their skills. Surprisingly though, Aria decides to give Akari a test, which she not only accepts, but passes! It won't be easy for Akari though, as before she can officially become Aria's Amica she'll have to work hard until she proves her value. Will Akari's dream ever come true or will she be forced to give up before she even has a chance to get started, and can Aria help this E-rank girl go from zero to hero?
In the 1960s, a gifted young medical student tries to make a name for himself. Kuroo Hazama is a reserved young man with unusual black-and-white hair, a body covered with scars, and a dark past. Despite only being a medical student, his surgical brilliance starts to attract attention after he completes a seemingly impossible operation. Together with the spirited and honest intern Maiko Okamoto and Yabu, a close friend with a troubled life, Hazama devotes himself to the world of medicine.  However, his path to becoming a respectable surgeon is a difficult one as student riots, war, and corruption are consuming Japan. Hazama quickly finds himself caught up in a series of nefarious circumstances that challenge his integrity as a person and his path towards becoming a surgeon. Young Black Jack chronicles the story of a man capable of performing unthinkable feats of medicine, and the journey that leads him to become the legend known as Black Jack. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Eight words describe the feelings of Youtarou Hanabusa: "I just want to live a normal life." Unfortunately for him, as a member of the Knights of the World, his training in this ancient and international order has left him with a condition he calls "White Knight Syndrome." This condition causes Youtarou to instinctively act heroically and chivalrously whenever he encounters someone in danger. To protect his identity in such embarrassing moments, he carries a mask with him at all times. Then one day, he saves the life of Makio Kidouin, the young daughter of an elite and affluent family. Little does he know that this singular act of heroism will change his life forever. Soon, he is simultaneously blessed with a life in the lap of luxury and cursed with one of abnormality, for his new friend Makio lives a life far removed from the everyday. Between coping with the hijinks of six-year-old Makio, and dealing with a cast of odd friends and scheming enemies, Youtarou must protect his new friend while keeping his identity hidden as the masked hero Knight Lancer. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Fifteen-year-old Komori Shuri is a junior high school girl who is too nice to decline requests. Constantly doing favors for other people has given her incredible strength?! But even so, she is also an adolescent junior high school girl. An anime overflowing with the ups and downs of everyday life! (Source: Batoto, edited)
Lupin is the main character in this series which takes place in Italy and San Marino. Reflecting its setting, the anime debuted in Italy before it aired in Japan. Lupin III fans will note that the titular thief now dons a blue coat, following his earlier appearances in green (first series and some OVAs), red (the second series as well as most films and television specials) and pink (third series). (Source: Crunchyroll)
Hacka Dolls are AI that scan a person in order to tailor news recommendations and information to their users. These widespread, personalized robots have served many citizens, from government officials to professional sports players. A severe drop in quality leads to the production of three substandard Hacka Dolls. Due to their personality defects, they are sent to Earth, tasked with advancing humanity in whatever way they can. Whether it be encouraging a fujoshi to sell a doujinshi at Comiket or performing in an idol group, the three dolls will complete any task as long as it abides by their moral compass. Despite their shortcomings, they take their mission very seriously and always try their best to assist everyone with incredible enthusiasm. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The series tells the story of the five students; Yuuta Hoshitani, Tooru Nayuki, Kaito Tsukigami, Kakeru Tengenji, and Shuu Kuga as they struggle to enter the musical department of Ayanagi Academy, a school focusing on music. They need to be accepted to the Star Frame Class, which is directly taught by the members of Kaou-kai, the most talented from the musical department who stand at the top of the pecking order within the academy. Luckily, they are spotted by Itsuki Ootori, one of Kaou-kai members. (Source: Wikipedia)
In today's world full of wondrous technological innovation, the unnatural and mysterious sometimes appear even more horrifying than usual. But despite how far society has advanced, the fear of the unknown always remains. The unfortunate participants in Kowabon find themselves in such a predicament, experiencing the supernatural through their everyday technology. From a frightening sight caught on a parking garage camera to a video chat that takes an unexpected turn, the victims struggle to escape that which haunts them. However, what awaits these doomed souls may be a fate even worse than death... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A video blogger attempts to fake cryptid sightings to boost his views, but gets more than he bargained for when his crew is slaughtered by a real monster. Elsewhere, students find themselves preyed upon by a sandworm-like beast, initiating a desperate struggle for survival on their own school grounds. With more of these attacks from mysterious creatures occurring, researcher Sousuke Banba tasks himself with delving into the mystery. With nothing but the keyword "Kagewani" to lead him, he scours the sites of recent attacks in hopes of finding a lead to eradicating the creatures for good. However, Sousuke finds that these threats to humanity are even closer to home when the pharmaceutical company, Sarugaku, starts to encroach on his investigation. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Monsters known as "Horrors" have invaded the world, entering through gates from the Makai Realm of Darkness. These corrupt, demonic creatures have the ability to seize human bodies and feed on their souls. Citizens who are out past sunset will likely never see the sun rise again, but those who live in the capital city have no need to worry—they are protected by a spiritual force field created by the sorcerer group Onmyouji. In possession of legendary armor, the Golden Knight Raikou proclaims that he will protect everyone from the Horrors. Accompanied by his attendant Kintoki and the mysterious Makai Alchemist Seimei, he strives to become a formidable Makai Knight, but Raikou is ill-prepared to handle the side effects of the armor. Disappointed by his own shortcomings, he sets out on a journey of self-discovery to master his weaknesses and prove his worth. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After many years of dormant rest, a hot springs fairy awakens in modern-day Japan. However, while she slept, she took on the appearance of a young girl. She decides to cooperate with the locals whilst trying to regain her powers. (Source: LiveChart)
"Move your soul and body!" Each episode contains a variety of routines, such as push-ups, sit-ups, spine twists, dance, yoga, stretches, trunk training, and taichi. Five girls aiming to become idols will exercise with you, and that troubling body fat percentage will go down by 1000%...!?
Sixth season of the Teekyuu series.
Aya Tachibana is a sixth-grader who frets and obsesses over friends, family, grades, and more. One day, she joins the "Tantei Team KZ" with four very idiosyncratic boys she met at cram school. There is the glib and attention-grabbing leader Kazuomi Wakatake, the mysterious "expert of personal relationships" Takakazu Kuroki, the smart and stoic math genius Kazunori Uesugi, and the sweet-hearted Kazuhiko Kozuka who is good at social matters and science. Aya finds her place among them as the "language expert." "Tantei Team KZ" gets involved in modern-day cases, and even if they bicker from time to time, they collaborate by pooling each of their talents and skills to solve these cases. (Source: ANN)
Third season of Miss Monochrome: The Animation.
The story follows the everyday life of Somera Nonomoto who can use the strongest kenpo, Nonomoto Mahou-ken, which is inherited from her mother with her younger sister Kukuru. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Continuation of Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - Exodus.
Three high school girls have mastered the art of cooking simple, B-class dishes called JK meshi. The three girls — Reina, Ryouka, and Ruriko — are all classmates in their second year of high school. They often get distracted when studying for tests, and when they do, they cook JK meshi. (Source: ANN)
Life at the Rainy Color café can never be described as boring. The arrival of the Koga brothers from England—Noel, always brimming with curiosity, and Nicola, somewhat shy and conservative—ensures that their sibling, café manager Shion, is kept on his toes. There's also another newcomer, cameraman/photographer Jun Arisawa, who holds a mysterious connection to café owner Koji Amami. Last but not least, there's a special photograph that incites all kinds of heartfelt and comedic reactions from the Rainy Color crew! (Source: YTV)
Hajime Kindaichi once again becomes embroiled in solving baffling cases and deciphering puzzling crimes that would confound the most seasoned of detectives. Whether it's a gruesome murder and shady circumstances surrounding the Japanese board game Go; a perplexing and macabre case involving a mysterious character, "Rosenkreutz," and blue roses; or blood curdling crimes associated with an urban legend at a winter ski resort – Hajime is out to crack them all! (Source: YTV)
Muco is the sweetest, most lovable dog in the neighborhood. This sparkly-nosed Shiba Inu lives with her owner and best friend, Komatsu, a glassblower who lives in the mountains. These two companions have wonderful adventures, from going on walks to playing in the pond in front of their house. No matter where they go or what they do, Muco will always love her best friend Komatsu! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The first half of the second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Hibiki Kazaguruma, a sixth grader, meets an amusing little robot named Bureikin while coming home from school one day. Bureikin, a dancer from an alternate-dimension dance world, challenged the dance king for the throne and lost. He has been deprived of Dance Stones (the stones of dance power) and sent to the human world. To restore his power, Bureikin must collect all the Dance Stones scattered around Earth. (Source: ANN)
Super deformed Hamatora.
In the 21st century, the characters of Fist of the North Star are living in peaceful Japan. In particular, Kenshirou is a convenience store worker, Raoh works at a factory, and wracked by illness, Toki is looking for work. The legend of the Fighting NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) North Star begins in the modern day. (Source: Crunchyroll)  Note: Short stories adapting Hokuto no Ken: Ichigo Aji manga are included at the end of each episode. Serving as a spinoff gag manga of the original Hokuto no Ken series, the story is a parody of Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara. It consists of page-long gags centered mainly on Souther, both within his final battle with Kenshiro and inserting himself into other parts of the series where he doesn't belong. One recurring gag involves the kid with a turban repeatedly stabbing Souther in the leg every time he climbs the pyramid's staircase, and another involves Rei suddenly transforming into Souther in his iconic moments.  (Source: Hokuto no Ken Wikia)
Third season of the Ketsuekigata-kun! series.
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
This "slow-life anime" is part of the datsuryoku-kei (ennui-style) genre of comedy that depicts the minutiae of everyday life. The series observes the daily lives of Heroes from the worlds of Tezuka Production and Tatsunoko Production, "evolved" for their modern TV appearances, and combines motion-captured improvised acting with computer animation into a series of comedy shorts. (Source: ANN)
Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB)
The series focuses on a professional boxer who chooses to become a manga artist after sustaining an injury. The man takes in two cats: Kuro, who is very timid, and her younger sister Chin.  (Source: Livechart)
The series of "warm and soothing" anime shorts will follow a cat who is suddenly resurrected from the grave and begins to wander around town. Despite being a zombie, the cat is able to get all the townsfolk to fall in love with it. (Source: ANN)
An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard.
A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business. (Source: ANN)
Rat, a member of the Zodiac, meets a normal cat at a park one day. Rat comes to love Cat so much that it becomes very eager to get Cat to become a member of the Zodiac. Cat goes with Rat to meet the rest of the 12 members of the Zodiac to ask them to become a member. (Source: ANN)
Second season of Dayan the Cat.  The titular character and his friends energetically explore Japan. (Source: LiveChart) 
Japan has 47 prefectures and each one has a guardian spirit called a Dochamon. Dochamon Junior follows guardian spirits in training to one day take over the jobs of their elders. But these juniors have a lot of growing up to do before they graduate!
Follows a dog and his friends who wear balloons and explore a kingdom in the clouds.
Jin, Dawn, Cecilia and Davis help Pandora build up a new world. However, they all lost their memories and become the normal kids that purely like playing nados. Jin attains a mysterious nado when he is wandering, and the other three kids have also got the mysterious nados. Due to the misunderstanding, they four start a battle. Through the battle, they recall their memories, and become good friends again. They work together to smash the scheme of the evil spirit “Hellish ghost”, who want to destroy the world. They take part in the “The Most Powerful Nado Player’s Championship”, who finally defeated the destroyers and protect the world and Infinity Nado. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
G.G. Bond finally won the appreciation of Princess Crystal and moved to Crystal City. But conspiracy traps lurk in the darkness out to frame G.G. Bond an ruin his good name.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gray Fullbuster's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers. More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 2071. Humanity has been pushed to the brink of extinction following the emergence of man-eating monsters called "Aragami" that boast an immunity to conventional weaponry. They ravaged the land, consuming almost everything in their path and leaving nothing in their wake. To combat them, an organization named Fenrir was formed as a last-ditch effort to save humanity through the use of "God Eaters"—special humans infused with Oracle cells, allowing them to wield the God Arc, the only known weapon capable of killing an Aragami. One such God Eater is Lenka Utsugi, a New-Type whose God Arc takes the form of both blade and gun. Now, as one of Fenrir's greatest weapons, Lenka must master his God Arc if he is to fulfill his desire of wiping out the Aragami once and for all. The monsters continue to be born en masse while the remnants of humanity struggle to survive the night. Only God Eaters stand between the Aragami and complete and total annihilation of the human race. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko? Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team. Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama's third season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet. Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ushio Aotsuki is a stubborn middle school student and son of an eccentric temple priest who goes about life without care for his father's claims regarding otherworldly monsters known as youkai. However, as he is tending to the temple while his father is away on work, his chores lead him to a shocking discovery: in the basement he finds a menacing youkai impaled by the fabled Beast Spear. The beast in question is Tora, infamous for his destructive power, who tries to coerce Ushio into releasing him from his five hundred year seal. Ushio puts no trust in his words and refuses to set him free. But when a sudden youkai outbreak puts his friends and home in danger, he is left with no choice but to rely on Tora, his only insurance being the ancient spear if he gets out of hand. Ushio and Tora's meeting is only the beginning of the unlikely duo's journey into the depths of the spiritual realm. With the legendary Beast Spear in his hands, Ushio will find out just how real and threatening the world of the supernatural can be. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After the National Tournament, the Seidou High baseball team moves forward with uncertainty as the Fall season quickly approaches. In an attempt to build a stronger team centered around their new captain, fresh faces join the starting roster for the very first time. Previous losses weigh heavily on the minds of the veteran players as they continue their rigorous training, preparing for what will inevitably be their toughest season yet.  Rivals both new and old stand in their path as Seidou once again climbs their way toward the top, one game at a time. Needed now more than ever before, Furuya and Eijun must be determined to pitch with all their skill and strength in order to lead their team to victory. And this time, one of these young pitchers may finally claim that coveted title: "The Ace of Seidou." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For thousands of years after its development, mankind used the written word for communication between people and generations. As millenia passed and technology became more prevalent, writing - and thus, communication as a whole - diminished, until it could only be found on cell phones and computer screens. Seeing an opportunity, the sorcerer Sogan Kenzaki starts infecting words with the Nesta Virus, which brings them to life and turns them into monsters called MJBK (Menace of Japanese with Biological Kinetic energy). To counter this attack against humanity, an organization known as DEAVA (Division of EArth Verbalism Ability) assembles a group of youths with the ability of "Verbalism". They have to pilot the vector machines, which are used to form the mechas dubbed "Aquarions". The one wild card in the situation is the self-dubbed "savior", a young man who is the direct relative of a famous calligrapher, named Akira Kaibuki.
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end!
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
While Tasuku is off training and getting rest in the world of the monsters, the Buddy Police sees the need to deputize some of the champions to help protect the Earth. Gao, Tetsuya, and Zanya Kisaragi are among those deputized, and it's just in time. A new enemy arrives, Ikazuchi, with the deadly 100 demons, all rogue monsters. Now the new trainees and the Great 8 monsters must fight to protect Earth from being consumed by these new rogues. (Source: ANN)
In the near future, a battle card game called "Battle Spirits" has gained enormous popularity. Players of the game—known as "Battlers"—start duelings everywhere using their color-coded cards with different attributes, creating a "Sengoku (Warring States) period" for the game. (Source: ANN)
The "unorthodox hard surreal gag" comedy centers around the narcissistic (narushi na) Hagito and the masochistic (domazo na) Kei. Together they are "Nar Doma." Hagito is a handsome yet pitiful man with a loli complex. Anytime, anywhere, a mirror is his constant companion. Surrounding him are a host of highly idiosyncratic characters: the diehard masochist Kei, the unnaturally strong yet girlish Totono, the exceedingly stylish working stiff Saitou, and the extraordinarily negative Roku. Even the one normal guy has his own issues. (Source: ANN)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The story follows the adventures of rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, her long-best human friend Airi Kirara and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewel Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. To restore people's belief in magic, Jewelpets transform into humans to study more about them. (Source: ANN, edited)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
A next fierce fight is about to begin after Katta Kirifuda finally become the Duel Masters National Tournament champion. Japan's largest theme park, Duel Masters Land has appeared. With numerous fun attractions and events, Katta was also having fun. However, after meeting the mascot of the park, "Duemouse", Katta got involved in a ridiculous conspiracy of the park. A shadow that invades the Duel Masters World, which is the mysterious team of duelists! The mysterious identity of the legendary card is to be revealed. A new stage and revolution of Duel Masters befalls Katta! (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
Stars Ehime Prefecture's mascot Barysan.
A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
A comedic family of Americans experience life in Japan.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Nakagawa owns 10 cats in real life, and she adores one in particular named Mamitasu, the anime's namesake. The anime depicts the slapstick comedy of the idiosyncratic 10 cats and the folks in the unusual "Nakagawa family."  (Source: ANN)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A Korean/Japanese co-production created by Bakugan and Dragon Ball Super contributor Atsushi Maekawa. Turning Mecard stars Jason, a grade-schooler who meets a Mecanimal, a transforming minicar from the alternate world of Triforce, named Evan. Jason and Evan are both searching for missing family members, and team up to help each other. Together, they meet more Mecanimals as they battle across dimensions and learn important lessons along the way. (Source: Crunchyroll)
(No synopsis yet.)
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
Rodeo is a normal high school boy who aims to be like GRANRODEO. Gra-P, a self-proclaimed music producer who comes from the future, tries to help him.
Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series.
A young boy has adventures with his transforming car.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Kotori are people who love singing and dancing. Protecting the island they reside on is a calm and anxious Melonia (Melon), a weak and lazy Chocola (Chocolate), a friendly Berrina (Berry) who is fashionable as heck. 
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
Everyday objects come to life.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
After taking one hundred secret photos and observing him from afar for months, second-year high schooler Yuki Kurihara has finally mustered up the courage to ask out her first-year crush Shinya "Momo" Momotsuki. Although taken by surprise, the bashful Momo accepts; however, he does not know the profoundly abnormal truth. As her strait-laced friend, Norika Mizuyama, has observed, Yuki has developed some unnerving—but nonetheless sincere—habits: taking pictures of Momo in secret, doing extensive research into his personal life, collecting his used straws, and even going "Momo watching." Though Momo remains blissfully unaware of his new girlfriend's peculiar habits, he does notice some oddities in their daily conversations. Still unsure and nervous about his first relationship, Momo finds himself regularly getting into awkward interactions due to his inexperience, but nevertheless resolves to make his new girlfriend happy. Momokuri follows Yuki and Momo as they shyly explore their newfound love, and also deal with the problems that arise from it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school and gets confessed to by a bunch of beautiful girls! The worst thing is, Jiang hao doesn't know any of the girls who confessed to him! What on earth is happening? (Source: Overworld Scans)
In Universal Century 0079, forces of the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon engage in a battle within the Thunderbolt Sector during the One Year War. This section of space—known for its constant strikes of electricity—proves to be a deadly battlefield, as Federation pilot Io Fleming leads a charge against Zeon's ace Daryl Lorenz and his squad of snipers. With the fighters on both sides proving to be formidable soldiers, neither side is willing to back down, fighting strategically amongst the remnants of colonies. But when Io gets a hold of a prototype Gundam, Daryl will have to make a sacrifice in order to obtain enough power to crush his enemy and ensure that Zeon is victorious, or watch as his comrades are slaughtered by a single man. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site)
Ren Homura has just moved back to his hometown of Kaminohara, but he isn't able to remember much about the time he spent there other than vague flashbacks. When he retrieves his cell phone which he had sent to a shop for repairs, he finds that a mysterious game titled “Monster Strike” has been installed on it. Unaware of its purpose or how it got there, Ren decides to open it, an action that will change his life forever as he finds himself suddenly attacked by a strange man. Now trapped on the roof of his school which strangely has been designated as a "stage," Ren is shocked to see the man summon a realistic monster from the game, one that is more than capable of inflicting damage on a human. His only chance of getting out of this situation alive is by summoning the dragon Oragon, who tells Ren that he will crush the opposing monster for him. Unfortunately, it turns out that Oragon is a tiny dragon that is completely useless! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In 2017, a group of genius scientists achieve a remarkable breakthrough in bioengineering. However, all the new technologies are put into military use, beginning a new round of arms race. Vanguards, as the most significant achievement of the modern bioengineering and the most advanced weapon, are widely utilized in the race. Although vanguards are exceptionally combat-effective, their life expectancy is shortened by the nanomachines they use. Usually, most vanguards will retire from the army after a number of years in service. The heroine Liuli has also consumed too much of her lifespan after executing missions for a long time. With only 380 days left in her life, Liuli receives a new mission, to rescue a hostage being held in a civilian facility. It is without doubt a difficult mission for a vanguard like Liuli, who only knows how to kill and battle. However, Liuli obediently decides to accept the mission in the end. During the mission, Liuli surprisingly finds that the man who holds the hostage was once a vanguard. The former vanguard Zhongrong Zhou cries and asks the government to hand over the son of Eden. As a vanguard, Liuli feels deep contempt against Zhou. To eliminate the scum of the vanguards, a battle between two vanguards begins... (Source: Official site, edited)
A young, unnamed woman, while biking home from the bank she works at, happens upon a weakened tree goddess whose native shrine is being demolished for construction work. She rescues her and brings the goddess home with her. The two form a relationship, but what will happen to the goddess as the construction progresses?
Centers around a girl named Akomi and her boyfriend Ponta Ninomiya. Ninomiya is a massive idiot who has no redeeming qualities aside from being really handsome. Follows the couple's everyday lives. (Source: ANN)
Robot Girls Z+, the new Robot Girls Z anime, will be six monthly shorts that will debut next spring. The protagonists of Team Z will appear in the new shorts, along with the reformed Team G, Team LOD, Team Gou, and characters that first appeared in the franchise's online game. The new shorts' story will be based two classic "Toei Manga Matsuri" films, Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo) and Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo G - Kuuchuu Dai-Gekitotsu (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo G - The Great Space Encounter). (Source: ANN)
In the world of Ling Yu(Spiritual Field), there is a continent named Chilan(Red Tide), where warriors and their Spirit Weapons are classified into different levels. Families and clans follow a strict hierarchy, too. Under the leadership of the Xuantian Union, human warriors and the Evil Clan have been engaged in brutal fights on Nether Battlefield for hundreds of years. A Soul-devouring Beast sneaked into the Chilan Continent through a crevice on the Nether Battlefield before it ruthlessly slaughtered the Feng Town and the Gao Town. Qin Lie, a young man from the Ling Town, together with Ling Yushi and Gao Yu whom he had grown up with, was commanded to help the Xuantian Union in the conquest of the Soul-devouring Beast. He did not anticipate that he would be swallowed into a great conspiracy. To protect his friends and to rescue the one he loves, the powers hiding in his veins are awakening.
Studio Colorido has created a short, animated commercial for the GungHo Online Entertainment's popular mobile game, Puzzles & Dragons. (Source: Crunchyroll)
During the live-stream of the Majo Labo! program, it was announced that Kakusansei Million Arthur will be receiving an ONA adaptation. The ONA will be based on the official 4-koma web comic and will run for four cours, debuting in Fall. Kakusansei Million Arthur is a card-battle game based on the legend of King Arthur. One million people also claim this title, wielding their own Excalibur. Developed by Square Enix, the game was originally released on iOS and Android in 2012 and since received a PlayStation Vita and Nintendo 3DS version in 2014. The comic is based on the game and is drawn by Choboraunyopomi (Ai Mai Mi). It was published online in October 2014 and currently, there are 17 chapters. (Source: MAL News)
A Jack of All Trades is a person who can competently do all kinds of jobs. Loser Zhang Dabao is a professional Jack of All Trades, but his living conditions are, shall we say, less than satisfactory. One day, a beautiful woman who is being harassed by a pervert approaches him for help. He accepts, and soon embarks on a mission like nothing the world has seen before.
A spin-off episode of Yamaha Motor’s original video animation “Master of Torque,” featuring Fuuka Torimi and Nanami Hiyoshi that illustrates the changing of the four seasons and the different joys of motorcycling that come with them. (Source: Official Site)
Mercedes-Benz's newest commercial for the A-Class car line featuring the girl group Perfume as CGI songstresses. 
The story takes place in a certain ordinary town where it is natural for everyone to wear an animal costume head. It depicts the everyday life of the main character MILPOM and her friends who live there, filled with the essence of Kawaii and a little bit cynical girls. (Source: Crunchyroll)
ーThe day the city had moved, our future began to move.ー The year is 2018. Kashiwa City, Chiba Prefecture, Kashiwanoha Smart City. A family had come to the model room tour of the tower apartment in "Park City Kashiwanoha Campus The Gate Tower". With excellent facilities the family begins a new life in this city based on the environment. However, suddenly the after leaving, the ground shakes violently and a giant robot appears from where their tower apartment once stood. Or rather, their tower apartment has become a giant robot. The family is stunned. What the heck is happening in this town? What secret is hidden in this town? (Source: Official YouTube channel, edited)
Human beings can be divided into two kinds: ordinary people who work for the living, and the undead who work for the dead. For the undead, their lives are dedicated to fulfilling the final wishes of ghosts who died with regrets. As for Baili Dengfeng, he has one and only one destiny in this world: to find his long-missing wife Ruyan. During his quest, Dengfeng makes acquaintance with Jia Xuan, whose family was murdered and is yet to be avenged, Liang You who is cute, naughty and adores him very much, and Liang Yuan, who simply doubts everything neurotically. After a series of events, he also learns of the existence of Spirit Masters and Spirit Slaves, and gets in touch with a mystical organization named "Spirits Expelling Order". With more and more mysteries being unveiled, the truth is drawing closer and closer to Dengfeng, who perhaps would rather not face the whole of it. (Source: Mooncakes Fansub group)
On his wedding day, Shi Xiaoguang could only helplessly watch as a mysterious power took his bride Xiaqing, away. Afterwards, he found that no one remembered the existence of “Xiaqing” and he is hunted by this unclear force. Faced with this situation, Shi Xiaoguang slowly began understanding that the world as he knew it had changed. 
A Halloween special starring Zonmi-chan. A soldier is being chased by several Zonmi-chan zombies. He shoots at them but is ultimately caught.
Fukushima Gainax's commissioned commercials for TOHO Bank. The series involves Sayaka Hinata, an overly-energetic new bank employee (voiced by Sarah Emi Bridcutt), and her beleaguered boss, Mitsuya (voiced by Tomokazu Sugita). (Source: Crunchyroll)
Isobe Isobee is a lazy, slacker samurai with big dreams. He lives with his mother, who thinks highly of him. He lays around the house, sneakily looks at Edo-period pornography without his mother noticing, naps at school... but he plans to become a respectable samurai one day! (Source: MangaHelpers)
Ponkotsuland Saga is a collaboration between Ponkotsu Quest and Vinland Saga.
A series of absurdist gag stories with limited continuity. Each episode consists of a varying amount of stories and a total of 26 stories were made.
A variety of shorts centering around a suave banana. Based on a toy franchise published by the Banpresto gaming company.
Season 3 of One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes.
The series takes place in ancient times, where people worship totems and several unique tribes exist. The highly respected Totem Warriors have utmost faith in their beliefs and protect their tribes. The protagonist, though not initially set to becomes a Totem Warrior, is eventually placed on that path. And thus, his adventure begins.
An episode that was released to celebrate October 1, 2015, China's National Day.
An Isuzu (truck company) commissioned short from Tekken about a freight truck driver who takes pride in his work.
(No synopsis yet.)
Shorts focusing on the daily life of a human and their cat.
NTV's ZIP! and Peeping Life collaboration. Completely unscripted dialogue between NTV's announcers Mika Oguma and Taichi Masu and Peeping Life's Otaku-kun. 
Commercial animated by Studio SHAFT for the dating sim app, IRoid.
Assorted animated videos for Cygames' Shadowverse digital TCG. Japanese and English versions of these animated features were released on the same day on Cygames' official YouTube channel and at a later date on the Shadowverse's official YouTube channel.
Bandai began streaming an animated promotional video for its upcoming Geki Drive racing kits Tuesday. The new, customizable cars are set for release in January 2016. The video shows two cars, the Dragon Gear (white) and Night Cougar (black). The cars are the first is the toy line's GD Machine Series. A third car, Burst Phoenix (red), is also planned. The cars utilize the "Link Unit System," making them easy to upgrade with new parts and assemble. Bandai is also releasing a 90-degree bank-curved track. The track is recreated in the animated promotional video. (Source: ANN)
Matsubara-kun gives his support to Mackie, a fellow Matsubara city mascot, for the 2015 yuru-chara grand prix.
A Shinmai 'FUREAI' Net. commissioned corporate message video. The company has several departments that assist people such as being a mediator for insurance sales, creating advertisement strategies in newspaper ads, organizing book sales, etc.
The video centers on Takumi Shimamoto, a 22-year-old freeter who quit college in his second year under the pretense of finding something that interests him to pursue. He's been working part-time jobs for about two years. He runs into a classmate from high school named Ayaka Yoshimura. She is about to graduate from college and is thinking about her job prospects. Ayaka is considering doing part-time work for the time being because there is not a job in particular that she wants to do. (Source: ANN)
A "vertical" anime starring a coin with doglike properties.
A Dangerous Jiisan webisode released on CoroCoro Comic's official youtube page for Christmas 2015. In it, Yousuke accidentally breaks Jiisan's handheld game and ends up going on a wacky time traveling loop to fix it. 
Stop-motion commercials for Mizkan's cake sushi. The first episode features a jack-o-lantern ghoul tired of eating candy. The second episode features a depressed Santa Claus because he always has to eat Christmas cake.
Kuusou Suizokukan features characters that are inspired by the sea creatures in a future aquarium like rabbit-penguins, parakeet-sea lions, and bear-jellyfish.
This five-minute video tells the simple tale of a young woman imagining her normal life being a bit more extraordinary. (Source: ANN)
Before Saitama became the man he is today, he trained and fought endlessly to become a hero. While every scuffle leaves his tracksuit uniform in tatters, he always has it mended for free thanks to his local tailor. One day, however, the tailor informs him that he must close up shop due to pressure from a local gang. Saitama decides to help him out—and gains something irreplaceable in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Bundled with the limited editions of the 15th and 16th volumes of the manga. 15th volume DVD is planned to be released on November 17, 2015. It will adapt the Nijikan no Teikei ni So Koto (Following A Stereotypical Two Hours) story from the first volume of the Noragami: Shuuishuu spinoff manga 16th volume DVD will adapt the manga's 41st chapter where the main characters go to "Capypa Land."  (Source: MAL News)
The OVA adapts the third story in the Tokyo Ghoul: Hibi novel when Shuu Tsukiyama and Chie Hori met.
While playing in the snow one day at her shrine, the land god Nanami Momozono witnesses her familiar—the fox youkai Tomoe—collapse, with dark markings appearing on his body. Tomoe's former master, Lord Mikage, appears after his long absence and places Tomoe into a magical pocket mirror in order to stave off his ailment. Mikage explains that long ago, before he and Tomoe had met, the fox youkai was in love with a human woman. Seeking to live as a human with his beloved, he made a deal with a fallen god, but he only ended up cursed and dying. When Mikage discovered Tomoe, the god made the youkai forget his human love as a quick solution. However, something has changed recently to reactivate the curse; Tomoe has fallen in love with his new human master, Nanami. Since there is no way to stop the curse, Nanami wants to stop Tomoe from getting cursed in the first place by traveling back through time, even if it means they may never meet. As Nanami travels back hundreds of years to save her precious familiar, she discovers that she is far more closely bonded to Tomoe than she previously thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.2.
It was officially announced at the Dengeki Game Festival 2015 event that Strike the Blood will be getting a two-episode OVA series to be released at the end of 2015. The OVA will be an original story written by Gakuto Mikumo. (Source: MAL News)
Episodes included in the manga's seventh and tenth volumes.
What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass? The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla." The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed. (Source: Official website)
The story centers on an introverted high school student named Eiji Hoshimiya with a huge secret—he wished for the destruction of the world when he was younger. Fairies give certain people special powers called Orders, and what Order Users can do with their power depends on their wishes. Ten years after the Great Destruction, Eiji struggles to come to terms with his immense power. (Source: ANN)
820 years ago, Mujaka, the lord of werewolves finally visits Raizel after a long journey. But the werewolf Maduk interferes in a war of human plotting some scheme. Raizel and Mujaka fall into a hand of tragic destiny, fighting with each other desperately leaving their friendship behind. (Source: Bucheon International Animation Festival) 
Extra episode of Nagato Yuki-chan no Shoushitsu bundled with the limited edition of the 9th manga volume.
Unaired episode 11 of the Triage X series bundled with the 12th manga volume.
Hamaji Youhei, a high school freshman, lives his life aimlessly, lazing around all day. He can't keep up with his studies, no good at sports and won't stick with anything for long. Besides that he's a pervert who's continuously rejected by girls. A sophomore convinces him into joining a club where he could lunge at girls, fondling and touching all he wanted. Thus he joined the Water Polo Club.  Can Youhei, who never sticks with anything for long, find his place in this club?
Based of the game by Candy Soft. Summary of the game: The Hanabishi family and Hidaka family are next door neighbors. The fathers of both households could be called best friends, so they all get along like one big happy family. In particular, Hidaka family’s only son Kouki was raised lovingly by the four Hanabishi sisters like he was their own brother. One day, the Hanabishi and Hidaka parents were preparing for a long term overseas business trip together. Kantaro Hanabishi had only one problem holding him back from the trip; leaving his four daughters behind in Japan. “Leave it to me. You can rely on me to watch over them!” As a result of Kouki’s casual announcement, both parents happily departed on their trip. “Ooh, how reliable! That was what I was waiting to hear!” Between both of the parents, they had arranged for one of the four sisters to become Kouki's fiance. After Kouki's graduation they would continue discussion of it further, but this recent event gave a chance to accelerate their plan. Thus, all summer vacation Kouki will spend time alone under one roof with all four of the Hanabishi sisters. The eldest daughter Yurina: Despite being good at her job, While at home she lazes around and makes Kouki work hard. The second born daughter, Momone: Absolutely adores Kouki, and does nothing but spoil him. The third daughter, Saori: She does all the housework, and although she is like a maid she prefers it to going outside. The youngest daughter, Anzu: Has no reservation in calling Kouki her personal play toy.  Each of them have their own motives doing anything they can; at times even tempting him into sexual situations, so they can draw closer to making the Kouki they love their husband. If Kouki ever chooses a bride, who will it be? The energetic life with the quartet of sisters is about to begin. (Source: VNDB)
In a future not too distant from ours, Nanagoo City is a beautiful city in Japan surrounded by mountains and ocean-sides. The sensitive, adolescent girls who live there are each opening up doors to their own, unique possibilities. No one wants to forget the path they take to adulthood. (Source: ANN)
After discovering the existence of demons in Tokyo, the original Cyborg crew led by Dr. Gilmore find themselves in conflict with Devilman, a strong demon believed to be in league with the war-profiteering terrorist organisation, Black Ghost. Meanwhile, a bigger threat emerges when Dr. Adams, a Black Ghost scientist unleashes his new line of high teen Cyborg models against 009 and his friends. (Source: ANN)
Based on the erotic game by Clock Up. 
Based on the adult manga by Toruneko. 
Based on the erotic game by Bishop. 
Based on the adult manga by Ayumu Shouji.
She was a pretty girl you might find in any town. Most people would look and see an innocent. Not one guy. One guy imagined her begging, tearful face and got aroused. He didn't even realize how deep his sadist desires went. He began to stalk her. He looked for anything to feed the fantasy that she was a dirty whore. A justification. And then, a single DVD arrived in the mail. The DVD was a secret gathering in the home of a wealthy family, where adults helped themselves to a young girl. The young girl was Sayaka. The sex was rougher than anything he'd ever seen. Several days later, the person who sent the DVD made a request. "I know who you are. I want an amateur with your sort of perverse interests to do some training." A drug was provided. It was a drug used to make the gathering video. Sayaka lived for it. She existed to taste it. Her hunger for the drug made her beg and plead... The desire that marinated his sadist heart now aimed at her. (Source: dlsite)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the adult manga by Emily. 
One year has passed since the Chaos Arena was destroyed, Asagi and Sakura were presently on an abandoned street on a man-made island that floated on top of Tokyo Bay. It was an enormous box-shaped island built by the government and referred to as "Tokyo Kingdom." There was hope that it would become a second city center floating at sea, but it had failed to attract businesses. The only way of getting to and from the island was through Honshu Island over the 10 kilometer Tokyo Kingdom bridge. Unfortunately, this narrow route was the means in which the inhabitants of hell found their way onto the island, luring anarchists, criminals, and even illegal immigrants there, transforming the streets of the sea bound city into a world-renowned haven for danger. However abandoned the streets were, order did exist in such a place despite it being a breeding place of crime. There was a business district at the heart as well as one of Asia's greatest prostitute grottoes. Whether or not it was only the strong who survived, the viability of living there required one not to be careless in making friends with the strong. (Source: Dark Translations)
Based on the erotic manga by Suzu Suzuhane.
Based on the manga by Yoshiron. 
Kazama is a lewd, stupid but a good young man who loves fighting. He is suddenly entrusted with the public health doctor, on behalf of the original fighting girls school, St. Versus Institute. Weapons, physical fitness, it's only 1 school that specializes in such fighting, and development management has also been a school regulations. In other words, he must perform a sexual harassment based on ''body measurements'', in the name of the school rules. St. Versus a institute that is miraculously running through many childhood friends. We want to control the school to stand on top of the fighting world in body measurement. If whether ''resistance'', like conquered the fighting community and school. Swinging a page of boobs idol photo book, which has just been watching. To back the setting sun coming through the curtain, Finally vowed to firmly resolve to hot meat stick of groin!! But the question is.. will it actually work? (Source: VNDB)
Based on Team Shanghai Alice's Touhou Project. History revolves around the many events in the lives of two students from the Outside World - Maribel Hearn and Renko Usami. They are the only members of the "Hifuu Club Activity Record" who are looking for those hidden worlds as Gensokyo, the Netherworld and the Moon. (Source: AniDB)
Second season of 12-sai.
Based on the erotic novel by Wakatsuki Hikaru and Hima. A girl of royal blood wants to sneak out of a dangerous town before she gets killed. The only problem is, she doesn't have enough cash to fund an escape or to hire a bodyguard. There’s only one possible way out of this - become a prostitute. (Source: HentaiHaven)
In the late 21st century, humankind came under a fierce attack from aliens who suddenly appeared via wormholes. They were helpless to fight against them and resigned themselves to imminent death. At that time, an ultimate weapon which could create items out of imagination was discovered in a expansive cave under Japan, along with its young master Ryuusei who was in cryostasis. The indiscriminate alien attacks awoke him and he led the humans to a decisive victory. One year later, while the areas which had been destroyed by the aliens were still being rebuilt, Ryuusei was appointed as the commander of the newly-formed Defence Force of Earth, which was created to fight against space invaders. However, he was the only person who could use the ‘imagination embodiment device’. If something was to happen to him, then calamity would befall the world. So the Defence Force of Earth decided to recruit girls with potential to fight alongside him. Even though they hesitated at first, they each had their own reasons to join Ryuusei. Thus, the special force ‘Blade Briders’ was formed, to protect the Earth against the aliens who have returned. (Source: Hau~ Omochikaeri!)
"A hero" is a job that in the face of danger and adversity or from a position of weakness, display courage and the will for self-sacrifice. Would you like to work as such a hero in our company? You may transform, manipulate a huge robot or fight as a squad. Shall we realize your dream in our "Hero Company"?! (Source: MU) 
The Planet of Stray Cats, the "grown-up" CG gag comedy anime from studio Plus Heads collaboration with the "Mad Max: Fury Road" film. The film's director George Miller himself approved this collaborative short. The anime features the nonsensical, surreal conversations of stray cats on a planet. The only voice cast member, named Monica, ad-libs the dialogue of all the characters.
You can tell witch training is not going swimmingly for the young sorceresses Akko, Lotte, and Sucy—they face expulsion for screwing up one class too many, and their only way out is if they successfully organize their academy's annual parade through a nearby town. But when they stumble upon the momentous discovery that the objective of the parade is to humiliate witches and commemorate their past subjugation, Akko decides it is time for a change: It is time to show the world how fantastic modern witches truly are! However, with the other girls struggling to keep up with Akko's grandiose ambitions, and everything from mischievous boys to slumbering giants getting in their way, maybe pulling it off will require not only all the magical prowess the pupils of Luna Nova Magical Academy can muster, but also a miracle. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass. On one such day, a Kuwagamon suddenly appears in Odaiba. Its rampage leaves the town in ruins, and the people there in turmoil. Taichi happens to catch sight of the Kuwagamon, and he chases after it all by himself in an effort to halt its rampage. But there's nothing he can do against a Kuwagamon. "It's no use... I can't do anything about this alone..." Just as the Kuwagamon roars and attacks Taichi, his Digivice begins to emit a bright light... "Taichi, look how big you've grown!" With the sound of that nostalgic voice, the story once again begins to move in a big way. Taichi Yagami, age 17; high school student. The adventure now evolves once again. (Source: Official website)
Sometime after the 63rd senshadou tournament, the Japanese Ministry of Education decides to move forward with its plan to decommission Ooarai Girls High School despite their recent triumph in the championship. In order to keep the school open, Miho and her team must win a match against a university senshadou team. For this difficult battle, Miho and the others count with the help of their friends from the other schools they previously faced, as well as assistance from new friends from the Chihatan Academy and Keizoku High School. Together, they will join forces to save Ooarai. (Source: Wikipedia)
By the 19th century, humanity has cultivated technology enabling the reanimation of corpses. Unable to experience individual thoughts or emotions, the corpses are programmed by humans to act as laborers in various occupations. This newfound technology, however, comes with a catch. Science may be able to restore the corpses' ability to move, yet it cannot return what every corpse loses at death: the soul. But Doctor Victor Frankenstein, who vanished shortly after his revolutionary work on corpse reanimation, is said to have revived the only corpse in possession of a soul. In pursuit of this scientific knowledge, London medical student John Watson hopes to fulfill his promise to his late partner, Friday. After being scouted by a government agency, Watson is on a hunt to obtain Frankenstein's notes, which he believes hold the key to the secrets of the soul. During his search, Watson uncovers the harsh realities of the developing corpse technology and the price he must pay to advance his research. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A prequel to the 2013 Kyoto Animation series Free! which is an adaptation of light novel High☆Speed!
In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls—Tuan Kirie—grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. (Source: Viz Media)
For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever. Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. (Source: Vertical)
The group of privateers known as the Blue Steel continues their mission to deliver blueprints of the Vibration Warhead Torpedo—a weapon that may turn the tides of war in their favor—to the United States. However, a new threat arises from their enemy, the overwhelming Fleet of Fog in the form of "The Student Council.," Thisa group of warships composed of the remaining Mental Models—the ships' humanoid avatars—who have yet to face the unpredictable captain of the Blue Steel, Gunzou Chihaya. As the Blue Steel gets closer to understanding the origins of the authority controlling the enemy, Iona's past starts to reveal why the war began and her reason for siding with humanity. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A short four-minute concept film that served as a surprise unveil at Studio SHAFT's 40th anniversary event in Winter 2015, Madogatari. The concept movie is the core of a new Madoka Magica project, and serves as its trailer. The second short was later screened in Osaka, with the difference being a replacement of several imageboard segments.
Summary movie of Hamatora The Animation and Re:␣Hamatora.
Second movie sequel of Wake Up, Girls!.
The third movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
In an age when large-scale natural disasters frequently happen all over the world, when cyborgs and autonomous robots are beginning to appear on the market in technologically advanced nations, and major world powers compete for technology and resources, the divide between rich and poor grows and the future for the poor looks bleak. In this transitional stage, everyone wanders around in a self-indulgent daze and the way out isn't clear... This is the story of how two cybernetically enhanced girls meet. (Source: MU)
A 3-minute intro screened in theaters at the start of the movie. It recaps the TV series to give viewers some context before watching the film. (Source: AniDB)
Ray, Anna, Tyler, Halle, and Eisuke are five high school students who are suddenly wrapped up in a mysterious incident. An alien species called Grey abducts Halle's sister and embeds her with a special chip inside her brain. The five stand up to save Halle's sister and try to reveal the existence of aliens, but continue to be met with mysterious events. The high school students' story progresses into a shocking development! What truths hide on the dark side of the moon? What are the true intentions of the aliens that are infiltrating America, Russia, and China? What is the true crisis that is closing in on Earth and what hope can we have towards the future!? (Source: HS Pictures Studio)
Part 1, Cure Flora to Itazura Kagami, is a dialogue-less story featuring Cure Flora and a mischievous ghost in a mirror. Part 2, Pumpkin Oukoku no Takaramono, features the four Precure girls from Go! Princess Precure trying to rescue a princess who is held captive. Part 3, Precure to Refi no Wonder Night!, is set when the Night Kingdom lost its daytime. The Precure team fight to take the daytime back alongside the princess Refi. (Source: Crunchyroll, Edited)
Two special episodes of Mini Hama promoting the Fw:Hamatora movie.
The earth shook. The sea roared. A far greater disaster followed. And then... There is a small house solitary standing by the seaside. A pigtail-braided girl is living there alone since that day. Mail is no longer delivered, but even this morning she's hanging out the laundry as usual. She's unaware that all around her, the clothes-pegs are quarreling, the pillow argues with the umbrella about the outside world, and the new toothbrush is unsuccessfully trying to be polite with the silent, old ones. Do things exist to be used until they are consumed or broken? Are they afraid of being thrown away once their life cycle is complete? (Source: AniDB)
(No synopsis yet.)
Second Youkai Watch movie.
The 2nd PriPara film, unlike the first this shown in stereoscopic 3D.
When six international students descend on Shimizu for a homestay, an Italian boy takes an unusual liking to Maruko, who isn't too impressed by the situation. Can she put aside her annoyance in order to help him connect to the memory of one of his closest family members? Join the expansive cast of Chibi Maruko-chan as they embark on their first cinematic adventure in 23 years! (Source: MaruChanSubs)
Gamba, a town mouse with a brave, adventurous spirit decides to go on an adventure to discover the ocean. On his way, he meets a troubled child mouse, Chuta. He says his family and other mice have been killed by a clan of weasels living on a nearby island. Chuta asks a group of ship mice, the bravest of their kind, for help, but when they find out that the villain behind this event is the terrifying weasel-leader Noroi, they give up on helping Chuta. However seeing the hopeless Chuta, Gamba promises him to save the island, his family and the other mice. Gamba and his friends team up to go on their adventure to defeat the evil Noroi and his clan. (Source: Varèse Sarabande)
Short anti-war animation adapting the picture book Sensou no Tsukurikata. It was created by the group NOddIN.
The Snack World follows a ragtag group of friends who embark on an adventure together. They live in a land similar to traditional fantasy settings but with certain modern twists like cell phones and convenience stores.
A short manner movie that aired at 109 Cinemas from November 1 to November 30, 2015 before films.
The Zodiac Dragon is missing, and the World plunges into chaos. Jen, a righteous ten year-old girl, must join forces with the legendary Zodiac Animals to find Dragon, restore order to the world, and save humanity. When the Jade Emperor hears of Dragon’s five hundred year disappearance, impetuously he declares he is hosting a race, opened to creatures of all kinds, to replace the existing Zodiac. Harmony on Earth is severely threatened. But wait, behind the entire calamity is a demonic Roach King conspiring a coup d’état of the entire Zodiac. Cockroaches! Millions and millions of cockroaches, ready to rule the World! On the day Jen inadvertently finds a Dragon scale, she encounters three talking animals -- a Pig, a Sheep, and a Horse - three of the twelve Zodiacs. Apparently, the scale is the only clue to Dragon’s whereabouts. And to battle Roach King, Jen and the three have to find and unite the rest of the original Zodiac -- Rat, Cow, Tiger, Rabbit, Snake, Monkey, Rooster, and Dog. Together, they embark on a journey that though dangerous, turns out to be rewardingly heartwarming.  (Source: Animation World Network)
Jeon Woo-chi travels over 500 years into the year 2015 on the elevator after defeating a king who bullies his people. He meets Suk and San-cho, two kids who are masters at martial arts and they become friends. In the meantime, Jeon Woo-chi's friend and rival Woo Dang-tang and the king join forces to take revenge on Jeon Woo-chi. They even make a martial arts robot. Meanwhile, Woo-chi and his friends get trapped in a time room according to Woo Dang-tang's plan and they face danger. Their time is taken away and Jeon Woo-chi becomes a kid, losing all of his powers. The king takes this time to use the robot to bully the people.  (Source: Hancinema)
This is a story of an adolescent boy living in a burning house with his parents. He can't drink black coffee yet he refuses his mother's offer of sugar lump. Rejecting his mother's kindness and ignoring his father's concern, he struggles with his own internal conflicts and continues to perform the minor rebellions of youth. Trying to attract the attention of a girl, the boy crashes a stolen motorcycle. In the aftermath of the accident he finds in his pocket a bill stolen from his mother's purse, now changed into a sugar lump. Rather than mend the relationship with his family, he takes the sugar lump to his friends, but they reject him, throwing the sugar lump away. (Source: airport-anifes.jp)
Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man.
Alternate 23rd episode of Steins;Gate, which leads into the story of Steins;Gate 0. It was included with the Steins;Gate Complete Blu-ray Box. 
As the Fifth Holy Grail War reaches its conclusion, Saber repeats her final duty from the previous war in order to end the vicious cycle once and for all. With the decisive blow draining her remaining mana reserves, Saber's body begins to dissipate. She utters a tearful farewell—but Rin Toosaka reaches out to her at the last moment.  The future has been changed, and a new beginning awaits. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A few weeks after the Winter Cup, the five players of the Generation of Miracles as well as Kuroko have settled back into everyday life. But an invitation from Momoi arrives, proposing that the former Teikou Junior High players gather once again and play a game. Kuroko happily accepts the unexpected invitation. But Kagami is bothered when he learns about the game, because on that day, the Seirin High team was planning a birthday party for Kuroko! However, Kagami tells Kuroko that the birthday party won't be until the evening, which makes him glad. So on January 31st, Kuroko's best day begins! (Source: ANN) 
Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.  "Rias and Akeno's Womanly Battle!?" - Rias and Akeno compete to see whose sexy roleplay has greater appeal for Issei. (3:18) "The Church Trio's Underwear, Amen!" - Irina, Xenovia, and Asia compare their "battle underwear". (3:11) "koneko's Healing Sage Arts, Meow" - Koneko has a healing technique, but does Issei have the wrong idea? (3:44) "Levia and So" - Tsubaki can't decide between two magical girl costumes and convinces a reluctant Sona to try one one. (3:29) "Steamy Grayfia" - Grayfia isn't quite herself when she and Issei accidentally encounter each other in the bath. (3:24) "Rossweisse's True Teaching Story" - When Rossweisse helps Issei study for a test, it proves difficult to avoid inappropriately distracting him. (3:07)
The 10 members of the concert band club who failed Taki's audition form "Team Monaka" to support the club members participating in the Kyoto Concert Band competition. Even as they support the performers, they continue to hone their playing, and make monaka-shaped good-luck charms to hand out to their club mates before the competition. Although they didn't play in the competition, they still had things they had to do. But on the day of the competition, the members on their way to the concert hall receive a shocking message! This is Team Monaka's hot summer story. (Source: ANN)
Recap of 1st Season Aired Before Nagoya Kessen-hen.
Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
Thirteenth episode of Aoharu x Kikanjuu.
This special will have the Straw Hats fight Foxy again in the New World on Nebulandia, an island that nullifies Devil Fruit powers.
The Gintama crew gets together to present a preview for the upcoming arc, the biggest ever in the anime's history, and also discuss the difficulties involved in producing one mid-season.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
New Aria work produced for the "Ao no Curtain Call" project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series.
Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Super deformed versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters.
Mini OVA episodes bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Valkyrie Drive: Mermaid.
According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015.  (Source: Hobby Japan)
Extra episode bundled with the second Blu-ray and DVD volume of Wakaba*Girl.
Picture drama included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 4 Blu-ray/DVD release.
A 75-minute recap of episodes 207-219, the Long Ring Long Land Arc. 
Extra episodes included in the DVD volumes of Hetalia: The World Twinkle.
Unaired episode included with the third Blu-ray and DVD volume. 
Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style.
A special anime shown at the 66th NHK Kouhaku Uta Gassen, prior to μ's' performance of the 2nd Season opening theme song, "Sore wa Bokutachi no Kiseki".
Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release.
The second half of the special will look back at the series so far and provide a complete explanation of "all the mysteries" in the show. It will also preview what will happen in the future of the series.
Unaired episode bundled with the Makura no Danshi DVD.
Recap of the first nine episodes of Heavy Object.
Unaired episode included in Blu-ray and DVD sets.
A short special included on the 2nd DVD/BD featuring Unico at the beach.
The official website of the The File of Young Kindaichi Returns anime announced that a one-hour special television episode of the anime titled "The File of Inspector Akechi" (Akechi Keibu no Jikenbo) will air on December 26. The site streamed a trailer on Sunday, which previews the episode and its story. The video also reveals that Yudai Chiba will play Ryūtaro Kobayashi, a junior detective under detective Kengo Akechi. (Source: ANN)
Ever since primary school, Nana has never been able to refuse the wishes of her friend, Yuyu, even if they were unpleasant things like matching outfits and hairstyles... She wanted to change herself! A story about real friendship and sympathy. (Source: MU)
Original short animation that aired as part of promotion for the event "Bunkyo+Waseda Bungo Week". The video aims to convey the appeal of Bunkyo and Waseda area in Tokyo.
Unaired episode included in BD/DVD sets.
Gudetama the lazy egg is being interviewed for Hot Topic's Hot Minute series.
A new short episode of the Mobile Suit Gundam-san parody series. (Source: ANN)
Mameshiba commercials in a high school setting where Edamame gives life advice to turbulent teens.
Sinbad: Soratobu Hime to Himitsu no Shima pilot footage included with the DVD release. It features Sana's chase scene in which Sinbad first interacts with her. The footage was not recycled for the film and no dialogue is used.
An unaired episode bundled with the Nar Doma TV series' first DVD.
BD specials of Ponkotsu Quest: Maou to Haken no Mamono-tachi. 
A short video illustrating different stretching postures and movements for skeletal-muscular screening purposes.
Commercials explaining the founder of Daido Seimei (Daido Life), an insurance company in Japan. Hirooka Asako (1849-1919) was an affluent woman who through persistence was able to push for insurance requirements of small to medium business enterprises for their employees as coal miners who were at the most risk/vulnerable if a disaster/injury were to happen. She did this by facilitating 3 large business enterprise insurance companies to break off small chunks to form 1 new company where all three had shareholder value. 
