Ken Kaneki has finally come to accept the monstrous, flesh-craving part of himself that he has feared and despised for so long. After escaping captivity and torture, Kaneki joins Aogiri Tree—the very militant ghoul organization that had abducted him, leading his friends to question his true motive and loyalty. As tension between the government and the ghouls continues to rise, the Commission of Counter Ghoul, the government's specialized anti-ghoul agency, has intensified their efforts to completely purge Tokyo of ghouls. This threatens the transient peace of Kaneki's friends and former comrades—the ghouls at the Anteiku coffee shop. Aware of the dangerous situation, Kaneki faces several battles that puts his precious fleeting humanity on the line. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After death, there is no heaven or hell, only a bar that stands between reincarnation and oblivion. There the attendant will, one after another, challenge pairs of the recently deceased to a random game in which their fate of either ascending into reincarnation or falling into the void will be wagered. Whether it's bowling, darts, air hockey, or anything in between, each person's true nature will be revealed in a ghastly parade of death and memories, dancing to the whims of the bar's master. Welcome to Quindecim, where Decim, arbiter of the afterlife, awaits! Death Parade expands upon the original one-shot intended to train young animators. It follows yet more people receiving judgment—until a strange, black-haired guest causes Decim to begin questioning his own rulings. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When a mysterious creature chops the moon down to a permanent crescent, the students of class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Middle School find themselves confronted with an enormous task: assassinate the creature responsible for the disaster before Earth suffers a similar fate. However, the monster, dubbed Koro-sensei (the indestructible teacher), is able to fly at speeds of up to Mach 20, which he demonstrates freely, leaving any attempt to subdue him in his extraterrestrial dust. Furthermore, the misfits of 3-E soon find that the strange, tentacled beast is more than just indomitable—he is the best teacher they have ever had! Adapted from the humorous hit manga by Yuusei Matsui, Ansatsu Kyoushitsu tells the story of these junior high pupils as they polish their assassination skills and grow in order to stand strong against the oppressive school system, their own life problems, and one day, Koro-sensei. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following their triumph against Yousen High, Seirin's basketball team has reached the semifinals of the Winter Cup along with Kaijou, Rakuzan, and Shuutoku. Each of these teams possesses a member of the Generation of Miracles, and Seirin prepares to face the largest obstacles on their path to winning the Winter Cup.  In the final season of Kuroko no Basket, Kuroko goes head-to-head with his old teammates once more as he attempts to show them that individual skill is not the only way to play basketball. His firm belief that his form of basketball, team play, is the right way to play the sport will clash with the talents of a perfect copy and an absolute authority. While Kuroko tries to prove that his basketball is "right," he and the rest of Seirin High ultimately have one goal: to win the Winter Cup and overcome the strength of the Generation of Miracles, who have long dominated the scene of middle and high school basketball. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Running into your new stepsister in the bathroom is not the best way to make a good first impression, which Basara Toujou learns the hard way. When his father suddenly brings home two beautiful girls and introduces them as his new siblings, he has no choice but to accept into his family the Naruse sisters: busty redhead Mio and petite silver-haired Maria. But when these seemingly normal girls reveal themselves as demons—Mio the former Demon Lord's only daughter and Maria her trusted succubus servant—Basara is forced to reveal himself as a former member of a clan of "Heroes," sworn enemies of the demons. However, having begun to care for his new sisters, Basara instead decides to protect them with his powers and forms a master-servant contract with Mio to keep watch over her. With the Heroes observing his every move and the constant threat of hostile demons, Basara has to do the impossible to protect his new family members. Moreover, the protector himself is hiding his own dark secret that still haunts him to this day... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tomoya Aki, an otaku, has been obsessed with collecting anime and light novels for years, attaching himself to various series with captivating stories and characters. Now, he wants to have a chance of providing the same experience for others by creating his own game, but unfortunately, Tomoya cannot do this task by himself. He successfully recruits childhood friend Eriri Spencer Sawamura to illustrate and literary elitist Utaha Kasumigaoka to write the script for his visual novel, while he directs. Super-group now in hand, Tomoya only needs an inspiration to base his project on, and luckily meets the beautiful, docile Megumi Katou, who he then models his main character after. Using what knowledge he has, Tomoya creates a new doujin circle with hopes to touch the hearts of those who play their game. What he does not realize, is that to invoke these emotions, the creators have had to experience the same feelings in their own lives. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Individuals who can materialize weapons from their soul are called "Blazers," and they attend Kouryou Academy High School in order to harness their abilities. Each student is required to partner with another, in the hopes that one day, the pair can attain the power of Absolute Duo. Tooru Kokonoe hopes to attend this academy in order to gain power after his sister and friends were slain by a mysterious man. However, at the opening ceremony, he is forced to duel against the person sitting next to him, with the loser being expelled. As Tooru prepares to give the match his all, it is not a weapon that manifests from his soul, but a shield, an irregularity which catches the attention of a foreign student named Julie Sigtuna. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Although peace has finally returned to Ikebukuro, many of the odd occurrences have become common sights around the city. One such case is the police's constant pursuit of Celty Sturluson, the Headless Rider. Moreover, someone has placed a large bounty on her, igniting the motivation of gang members all over to begin searching for the supernatural creature as well. Meanwhile, Mikado Ryuugamine is approached by Aoba Kuronuma, a mysterious underclassman with unknown intentions, who reveals that he knows Mikado's true identity. But Ikebukuro's state of tranquility is short-lived, as a new threat appears in the form of a murderer who goes by the pseudonym "Hollywood," known for wearing a different mask each time they commit a crime. As the various events taking place prove to be connected yet again, Ikebukuro is thrown into another conflict that threatens to engulf the entire city in chaos. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Joutarou Kuujou and his allies have finally made it to Egypt, where the immortal Dio awaits. Upon their arrival, the group gains a new comrade: Iggy, a mutt who wields the Stand "The Fool." It's not all good news however, as standing in their path is a new group of Stand users who serve Dio, each with a Stand representative of an ancient Egyptian god. As their final battle approaches, it is a race against time to break Joutarou's mother free from her curse and end Dio's reign of terror over the Joestar family once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seeking revenge, Count Saazbaum, a Martian, attacked the Earth. Later on, the war between the Terrans and Martians ended with Earth's Terrans gaining the victory. However, nineteen months later, the battle between them continues. Martians still continue to invade the Earth and the Terrans continue to protect it.
Seiken Tsukai no World Break takes place at Akane Private Academy where students who possess memories of their previous lives are being trained to use Ancestral Arts so that they can serve as defenders against monsters, called Metaphysicals, who randomly attack. Known as saviors, the students are broken up into two categories: the kurogane who are able to use their prana to summon offensive weapons and the kuroma who are able to use magic. The story begins six months prior to the major climax of the series during the opening ceremonies on the first day of the school year. After the ceremony is over, the main character, Moroha Haimura, meets a girl named Satsuki Ranjou who reveals that she was Moroha's little sister in a past life where Moroha was a heroic prince capable of slaying entire armies with his sword skills. Soon afterwards he meets another girl, Shizuno Urushibara, who eventually reveals that she also knew Moroha in an entirely different past life where he was a dark lord capable of using destructive magic but saved her from a life of slavery. Can those whose minds live in both the present and the past truly reach a bright future? Delve into the complex world of Seiken Tsukai no World Break to find out!
Nanami Momozono and her familiars Tomoe and Mizuki have survived quite a few challenges since Nanami took up the mantle of Mikage Shrine's patron god. Naturally, the wind god Otohiko comes to invite Nanami to the Divine Assembly in Izumo, the home of the gods, and Nanami chooses to take Mizuki with her, leaving Tomoe to pose as her at school. However, she has an ulterior motive for attending the Divine Assembly: to discover the whereabouts of the missing Lord Mikage, the former god of the shrine.  After her adventures in Izumo, Nanami meets Botanmaru, a tengu child looking for someone she knows all too well—tengu turned goth idol Shinjirou Kurama. Botanmaru needs Shinjirou, their prince, to return home to Mount Kurama and stop the tyranny of Jirou, who has taken over the rule of their hometown. However, Nanami soon discovers a force much darker than Jirou is at work on the mountain. As a fledgling god becoming more accustomed to divinity, Nanami finds herself dealing with a tengu rebellion, her blooming feelings for Tomoe, and a strange man with ties to both Tomoe's past and Nanami's future. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the seas under constant threat from the hostile "Abyssal Fleet," a specialized naval base is established to counter them. Rather than standard naval weaponry, however, the base is armed with "Kanmusu"—girls who harbor the spirits of Japanese warships—possessing the ability to don weaponized gear that allows them to harness the powerful souls within themselves. Fubuki, a young Destroyer-type Kanmusu, joins the base as a new recruit; unfortunately for her, despite her inexperience and timid nature, she is assigned to the famous Third Torpedo Squadron and quickly thrust into the heat of battle. When she is rescued from near annihilation, the rookie warship resolves to become as strong as the one who saved her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Maria is a powerful young witch living with her two familiars in medieval France during the Hundred Years' War against England. As the war rages on and the innocent get caught in its destruction, Maria becomes fed up with the situation and begins using her magic to try and prevent further conflict in hopes of maintaining peace. However, her constant intervention soon attracts the attention of the heavens, and the archangel Michael is sent to keep her from meddling in human affairs. The divine being confronts Maria, and he forbids her from using her powers, issuing a decree that her magic will be taken if she loses her virginity. Though she is now labeled a heretic, Maria adamantly refuses to heed Michael's warning and continues to disrupt the war between the two nations. But as the Church begins plotting to take away the witch's power and put a stop to Maria's interference once and for all, her peacemaking may soon come to an end. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Midgar, all-girl academy, would have been notable just for the action of accepting its first and only male student, Yuu Mononobe. But Midgar stands out for much more than that: it's a school exclusive to a group of girls known as D's. Each of them have extremely powerful abilities in generating dark matter and manipulating it into powerful weaponry. The D's didn't exist twenty-five years ago, and only appeared after a number of mysterious, destructive monsters known as "Dragons" started appearing around the world. Strangely, just as suddenly as they appeared, they vanished. In their destructive wake, some girls started being born with symbols on their bodies and powers similar in nature to those wielded by the Dragons themselves. Now the D's attend this school, hoping to harness and utilize their powers against the Dragons. Yuu is their latest member and is extraordinary for being the only known male D in existence. Now he must forge relationships with the girls around him, including his long separated sister who attends the school as well, and work with them to investigate and eliminate the threat of the powerful Dragons.
Poor Shinichirou Asano has the worst of luck. His parents abandoned him and ran off to Europe. If that isn't bad enough on its own, they barely left him any money to take care of himself. In order to pay rent and keep a roof over his head, he has to work. Unfortunately, he was just fired from his last job and as a high school student, he doesn't have many other prospects. One evening, he's attacked by a centipede monster on his way home. Shinichirou is saved by a mysterious girl with a bow and arrow, who he later discovers is Sakuya Shimazu, a beautiful student who attends his school. But when he later helps an injured girl, he discovers two things. First, the injured girl isn't human at all but rather a nekomata, a two-tailed demon cat. And second, Sakuya comes from a family of exorcists, who've protected humanity from rogue monsters and spirits for generations. Because Shinichirou was responsible for releasing the nekomata, Sakuya enlists his help in recapturing the demon, but that's just the beginning of Shinichirou's relationship with Sakuya. It turns out the Shimazu family needs a housekeeper and it just so happens that Shinichirou excels at cooking and likes to clean! It may not be his dream job, but if it pays the rent and puts food on the table...
In the past, humanoid bears coexisted with humans. However, a meteor shower that fell onto Earth had a strange effect on bears throughout the world: they suddenly became violent and hungry for human flesh, spurring an endless cycle of bloodshed in which bear ate man and man shot bear, forgetting the lively relationship they once had. The "Wall of Severance" was thus built, separating the two civilizations and keeping peace. Kureha Tsubaki and Sumika Izumino are two lovers attending Arashigaoka Academy, who, upon the arrival of two bears that have sneaked through the Wall of Severance and infiltrated the academy, find their relationship under a grave threat. The hungering yet affectionate bears, Ginko Yurishiro and Lulu Yurigasaki, seem to see the bear-hating Kureha as more than just another meal, and in getting closer to her, trigger an unraveling of secrets that Kureha may not be able to bear. When their relationships provoke the Invisible Storm, a group that keeps order within the ideological school, the girls must stand on trial with their love, embarking on a journey of self-discovery en route to attaining true love's "promised kiss." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a dystopian future where Japan's political organization has crumbled after the Great Tokyo War, Japan is broken up into 10 independent nations, with each nation controlled by a gang led by a "Best," a human-proclaimed prophet with destructive superpowers. Nozomi Moritomo is a "Rest"—a normal girl that has just started out as a rookie in the local gang. She wants to help the Best Masami Utoku, her childhood friend and role model, in the ongoing territorial dispute.  When Masami becomes severely injured and unable to fight, Nozomi decides to go on a mission to complete the requests sent to Masami from all over Japan. Along the way, she meets Yukina Kosaka, a shy girl with no sense of direction; Ai Hibiki, an upbeat girl who loves eating; and Chiaya Misono, a quiet and mysterious girl that wears a gas mask. Together, the four girls travel all over the country on their motorcycles while getting involved in territorial wars, disagreements, and even suspicious conspiracies. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The path to becoming a fine wife begins with being an accomplished cook—at least, that is what Ryou Machiko's late grandmother had led her to believe. For a middle schooler, Ryou's cooking skills are incomparable; but recently, though Ryou's food looks appetizing and smells inviting, the taste has not been delicious. Just when the dejected art student comes to terms with the possibility that she might continue living alone for the rest of her life, her aunt tells her that Kirin Morino—Ryou's second cousin—will begin staying with her every weekend since the younger girl has joined a cram school in Tokyo and aims to attend the same school as Ryou. Surprisingly, with her cousin's arrival, Ryou finds that her cooking has vastly improved—apparently, it is not her prowess in the kitchen, but the sharing of the experience with those closest to her that seems to make the flavors shine. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Why should girls get to have all the fun? These magical boys are here to save the world from the loveless... at least that's what the pink wombat who gives them their magical powers wants them to do. In Binan Koukou Chikyuu Bouei-bu Love!, the main characters are the members of the "Earth Defense Club" at the Binan High School, though all they really want to do is hang out, goof off, and relax at the nearby Kurotama Bath. One fateful day, though, a pink wombat appears out of nowhere and forces these five high school students to become "Battle Lovers" and protect Earth from a trio of villains who are taking orders from a green hedgehog. Over the course of the series, the Battle Lovers will take on a variety of fiends, including the chikuwabu monster, a chopstick phantom, a monster remote control, and plenty more strange enemies! Will the heirs to the throne of love be able to protect Earth from those who want to destroy love? Or will the Earth Conquest Club fill the world with hate?
There are many idols with long-established talent agency 346 Production. And now the company is starting a new program, the Cinderella Project! Girls leading normal lives... They are chosen to be aspiring idols and see another world for the first time in this Cinderella story. Can they all climb the stairs that lead to the palace? The magic begins now... (Source: Daisuki)
Cinque Izumi, Nanami Takatsuki, and Rebecca Anderson must once again embark on a journey to the continent of Flonyard and participate in the friendly war games of the three allied nations: Biscotti Republic, Galette, and Pastilage. Cinque is Biscotti’s hero, who also happens to be the cousin of Galette’s hero Nanami. Rebecca is Pastillage’s hero and a dear friend of Cinque. Dog Days'' begins in the human world. Rebecca prepares her things for her journey back to Pastilage from Japan. Meanwhile, Cinque and Nanami set out to travel to Biscotti and Galette, respectively, all the way from England, when suddenly, a freakish streak of bad luck—in the form of lightning, of course—sends them off course. They soon find themselves in the great Dragon Forest, protected by a Dragon Priestess named Sharu. The Dragon Priestess informs them that demons threaten to invade the forest, as well as the whole continent of Flonyard! It looks like a real war is about to begin in Dog Days''. Can these three heroes save the whole continent from these evil beings?
The story takes place during a conflict between the Krakozhia Dukedom and the Grania Republic. In the midst of the fighting, a savior appears to the Krakozhia Dukedom, and it is a high school student named Yano Souhei. Two female soldiers, First Lieutenant Ruto and Second Lieutenant Haruka, appear in tanks to intrude on Souhei's everyday life, followed by the enemy soldier Shachirofu, all of whom use firearms without hesitation at his house. (Source: ANN)
Several generations after the original Yatterman series, Leopard lives with her mother and guardians, Dorothy, Voltkatze, and Elephantus, just outside the prosperous Yatter Kingdom. She lives a happy if impoverished life, unaware of her ancestral ties to the infamous Doronbow Gang, until she discovers a mural of Doronjo, Boyacky, and Tonzura in a sealed off area of her home. It turns out that Dorothy, Voltkatze, and Elephantus are descendants of the villainous gangsters, which is why they have been forbidden from entering the hero Yatterman's Kingdom! At first, Leopard vows to never engage in villainous actions like her ancestors, but new circumstances may mean that she must go back on her word, donning the identity of villain in search of true justice. 
Toyotomi Hideyoshi is on the verge of unifying the realm, and all that remains is the Odawara Castle protected by the "Lion of Sagami" Ujiyasu Houjou. Hideyoshi's personally trained generals—Ishida Mitsunari, Katou Kiyomasa, and Fukushima Masanori—as well as Ootani Yoshitsugu, Shima Sakon, and Naoe Kanetsugu are all on the frontline of the battle. Amidst the battle formation are the two young warriors of the Sanada household: older brother Nobuyuki and younger brother Yukimura. As the stalemate begins to break down, Sanada Yukimura rides on a lone horse into the fray. His brother follows him right after. (Source: ANN)
2150 AD. The battle against the silicon-based Festums from outer space reaches a new phase. Fragments of the North Pole Mir were scattered throughout the world. Eventually, they began to act on their own as independent Mirs. Most hated humanity and attacked them, but some chose to coexist with mankind. Some with the same way of thinking existed within the human race, as well: those who were both human and Festum. They added to the chaos of the battle and brought about even more hatred.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Once upon a time, there was a little girl who desperately wanted to become a princess just like the ones in her picture book. Other children made fun of her childish wishes, but she never stopped believing. One day, a boy who looked like a prince appeared, asking her if she would like to be a princess. He gave the girl magical charm to make her wish come true. That little girl, Haruka Haruno, is now a thirteen-year-old attending Noble Academy, a junior high boarding school. Her school life is interrupted by two fairies, Pafu and Aroma, who give her a Princess Perfume, which mysteriously matches the charm she was given eight years ago! Turns out, Haruka is one of the Princess Precures, and must team up with Cure Mermaid and Cure Twinkle in Go! Princess Precure in order to defeat the dark witch Dyspear before she brings the the Hope Kingdom and Haruka's world to a nightmareish end!
There have been many cases of stolen songs happening among the idols in Yokohama District recently. Even super idol Marine Amagi's hit song "Kiseki no Uta" was taken away. At the request of Marine, the Milky Holmes team starts investigating the case. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Second Season of Shounen Hollywood: Holly Stage for 49.
Second season of the Ketsuekigata-kun! series.
The warriors who have been warped by the rampaging power of Justice have been summoned into the world of Xanadu. It is up to Dark Fact, a former villain, and principal Lappi to re-educate these students. (Source: AniDB)
Kyougoku Daijirou is the 15th generation owner of the Kyoto sweets shop Amashoudou. One day, Daijirou discovers a giant robot named Doamaiger D in his store's basement. At the same time, enemies called "Mekaijuu" appear in Kyoto and begin wreaking havoc. (Source: ANN)
To help the fairy Queen find her disappeared friend Melody, who was a skillful music fairy from the Music Castle, Sally, Maggie, Michelle and Beibei encountering nine musical magicians and fighting with dark musical witch Voiceless. Sally and the fairies suspect that Melody is connected with the dark power behind the scene. While, what is the truth? (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia)
Picks up after the events of Transformers 2010. Ultra Magnus goes on a solo mission through various Decepticon strongholds to find out exactly what happened to Optimus.
St. Muse Academy: the place for the "sound of the spirits." In order for people to live pleasantly among the sound, there is an academy where people learn to balance and control sound. Now, the five failing students receive a special mission... (Source: MAL News)
In the depths of a vast western desert exists a terrible sand devil. He is bent on turning the forests, rivers, grasslands, and oases of the Western Regions into barren deserts under his rule. In order to save the inhabitants and prevent desertification, a group of young adventurers sets out to the Kunlun Mountains to find the legendary Hu Poplar King and curb the spread of sand. (Source: Kan Sogou)
A Korean/Japanese co-production created by Bakugan and Dragon Ball Super contributor Atsushi Maekawa. Turning Mecard stars Jason, a grade-schooler who meets a Mecanimal, a transforming minicar from the alternate world of Triforce, named Evan. Jason and Evan are both searching for missing family members, and team up to help each other. Together, they meet more Mecanimals as they battle across dimensions and learn important lessons along the way. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A collaboration shorts that aired as part of Yomiuri TV's morning program block.
Second season of Washimo series.
Cook is one of Uwabaki (school shoes) for left foot and has a brother who happened to drop himself into a trash can. Cook then was thrown as well. In order to find his missing brother, he starts his adventure. Although Cook seems timid, his strong sense of justice makes him always want to help someone in trouble. Cook is sometimes lacks of confidence of himself when travelling alone. However, making friends with "things" such as books, glasses and chairs that he met in his journey makes him become stronger. (Source: YTV)
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
Will G.G. Bond be able to save Fairy World when his enemy is his father? Or is it a trick? G.G. Bond waivers between his alliance with his fellow warriors and his alliance with his long lost family.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Music accompanies the path of the human metronome, the prodigious pianist Kousei Arima. But after the passing of his mother, Saki Arima, Kousei falls into a downward spiral, rendering him unable to hear the sound of his own piano.  Two years later, Kousei still avoids the piano, leaving behind his admirers and rivals, and lives a colorless life alongside his friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari. However, everything changes when he meets a beautiful violinist, Kaori Miyazono, who stirs up his world and sets him on a journey to face music again. Based on the manga series of the same name, Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso approaches the story of Kousei's recovery as he discovers that music is more than playing each note perfectly, and a single melody can bring in the fresh spring air of April. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
In a world similar to the European Middle Ages, the feared yet revered Holy Knights of Britannia use immensely powerful magic to protect the region of Britannia and its kingdoms. However, a small subset of the Knights supposedly betrayed their homeland and turned their blades against their comrades in an attempt to overthrow the ruler of Liones. They were defeated by the Holy Knights, but rumors continued to persist that these legendary knights, called the "Seven Deadly Sins," were still alive. Ten years later, the Holy Knights themselves staged a coup d’état, and thus became the new, tyrannical rulers of the Kingdom of Liones. Based on the best-selling manga series of the same name, Nanatsu no Taizai follows the adventures of Elizabeth, the third princess of the Kingdom of Liones, and her search for the Seven Deadly Sins. With their help, she endeavors to not only take back her kingdom from the Holy Knights, but to also seek justice in an unjust world.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
All of a sudden, they arrived: parasitic aliens that descended upon Earth and quickly infiltrated humanity by burrowing into the brains of vulnerable targets. These insatiable beings acquire full control of their host and are able to morph into a variety of forms in order to feed on unsuspecting prey.  Sixteen-year-old high school student Shinichi Izumi falls victim to one of these parasites, but it fails to take over his brain, ending up in his right hand instead. Unable to relocate, the parasite, now named Migi, has no choice but to rely on Shinichi in order to stay alive. Thus, the pair is forced into an uneasy coexistence and must defend themselves from hostile parasites that hope to eradicate this new threat to their species. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gray Fullbuster's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers. More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Princess Yona lives a life of luxury and ease, completely sheltered from the problems of the seemingly peaceful Kingdom of Kouka; however, the sudden murder of the king and betrayal of her beloved cousin Su-won places Yona's life in mortal peril. Forced to escape only with Son Hak, who is both her childhood friend and bodyguard, the naïve princess soon discovers that Kouka is not the idyllic place she envisioned it to be. Poverty, strife, and corruption run rampant, making reclaiming the throne nothing more than a wishful fantasy given the kingdom's current state. Based on the popular manga of the same name by Mizuho Kusanagi, Akatsuki no Yona follows Princess Yona on a coming-of-age adventure as she faces the harsh realities of her kingdom. With only a mysterious legend to guide her, Yona must discover a way to restore Kouka to its former glory while being pursued relentlessly by the forces of the new King of Kouka. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After being trapped in the world of Elder Tale for six months, Shiroe and the other Adventurers have begun to get the hang of things in their new environment. The Adventurers are starting to gain the trust of the People of the Land, and Akiba has flourished thanks to the law and order established by Shiroe's Round Table Alliance, regaining its everyday liveliness. Despite this success, however, the Alliance faces a new crisis: they are running out of funds to govern Akiba, and spies from the Minami district have infiltrated the city. As formidable forces rise in other districts, there is also a need to discover more about the vast new world they are trapped in—leading Shiroe to decide that the time has come to venture outside the city. Accompanied by his friend Naotsugu and the Sage of Mirror Lake Regan, the calculative Shiroe makes his move, hoping to unravel new possibilities and eventually find a way home. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It all started in Kaminoyama High School, when five best friends—Aoi Miyamori, Ema Yasuhara, Midori Imai, Shizuka Sakaki, and Misa Toudou—discovered their collective love for all things anime and formed the animation club. After making their first amateur anime together and showcasing it at the culture festival, the group vow to pursue careers in the industry, aiming to one day work together and create their own mainstream show. Two and a half years later, Aoi and Ema have managed to land jobs at the illustrious Musashino Animation production company. The others, however, are finding it difficult to get their dream jobs. Shizuka is feeling the weight of not being recognized as a capable voice actor, Misa has a secure yet unsatisfying career designing 3D models for a car company, and Midori is a university student intent on pursuing her dream as a story writer. These five girls will learn that the path to success is one with many diversions, but dreams can still be achieved through perseverance and a touch of eccentric creativity. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet. Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball. However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The royal life of Princess Angelise Ikaruga Misurugi was as idyllic as the life of a sixteen-year-old princess could be. Beautiful, talented, athletic, loved by her people, and soon to be baptized in honor of her ascension to the throne of the Misurugi Empire, Angelise had everything. Even her kingdom was in a blissful age of peace and prosperity thanks to the utilization of an extremely advanced technology materialization force known as "mana." However, everything Angelise has come to know soon crashes to the ground around her after she is revealed to be a "norma," a member of society resistant to the effects of mana and unable to use it herself. Just like the rest of the norma, Angelise is arrested and removed from society. Now she's being forced to work as a soldier based out of the prison camp, Arzenal, and fly a transforming robotic vehicle called a "Paramail." To survive, Angelise will have to adapt to several different aspects of her new life in Cross Ange: Tenshi to Ryuu no Rondo, coping with prison society, relationships with other "norma" women, and piloting her Paramail against giant beasts known as DRAGONs. Will revenge be a great enough motive to encourage her to overcome these challenges? Or will the hate for those that betrayed her tear her apart in the process?
In the name of the king, the Valiante Kingdom launched hunts to exterminate users of witchcraft. Seventeen years later, their pursuit is still growing in both size and brutality. Unbeknownst to the citizens, the targets of these witch hunts are the secret protectors of humanity. Known as the Makai Knights and Alchemists, they have a strong will to protect people from Horrors, demons who possess souls plagued by sadness and pain. One such Makai Knight is 17-year-old Leon Luis who inherits the legendary armor of the Golden Knight Garo from his mother. Though he possesses great power, he struggles to overcome the hatred he bears from his mother's death at the hands of the kingdom. His father German, known as Zoro the Shadow Cutting Knight, is still training Leon when he is called to investigate the upsurge of Horrors in the kingdom's capital. Although German knows Leon's will is wavering, he decides to bring Leon along to continue his training. As German and Leon head to the capital, the king's amiable son Alfonso San Valiante struggles to find a solution to the growing Horror threat. But before he can do so, he is double-crossed and banished from his own kingdom. To return home, Alfonso sets out to find the help and strength he needs to reclaim the throne. During his search, he comes across Leon, whose interactions with the prince will forever change both of their fates. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.
Second season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.
Eight years after the mysterious death of his father, Kaito Kuroba, a slightly mischievous but otherwise ordinary teenager, discovers a shocking secret: the Phantom Thief Kaito Kid—also known as "The Magician Under the Moonlight"—was none other than his own father. The former thief was murdered by a criminal organization seeking a mythical stone called the Pandora Gem, said to shed a tear with the passing of the Valley Comet that comes every ten thousand years. When the tear is consumed, the gem supposedly grants immortality. Vowing to bring those responsible for his father's death to justice, Kaito dons the Phantom Thief's disguise, stealing priceless jewels night after night to find the Pandora Gem before his enemies can use the power for themselves. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Miare City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokemon and continue their journey towards becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city. Far away in the quiet Asame Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past. Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokemon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story of Gundam Build Fighters Try is set 7 years after the end of the 1st series. Now Seiho Academy's Gunpla Battle Club has only one member, Hoshino Fumina, who is a third grade student in junior high. As the president of the club, she needs two more members to participate in the upcoming All-Japan Gunpla Battle Championships. One day she encounters a transfer student named Kamiki Sekai, who has traveled around for Kenpo training with his master. Then joining by a young Gunpla builder Kousaka Yuuma, their challenge to the Gunpla Battle begins.... (Source: Crunchyroll)
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the 1014th year of the Regild Century, humanity has seemingly prospered after previous centuries of war. This is due to the ability to harvest power through the use of photon batteries, and an orbital elevator known as the Capital Tower, which has become something of a religious icon for the new age. However, various threats to the Capital Tower have necessitated the creation of an academy meant to teach promising students how to defend and repair it, named the Capital Guard Academy. Gundam G no Reconguista begins with Bellri Zenam, a student at the Capital Guard Academy, and his classmates undergoing a practical exercise in repairing the Umbilical Cable of the Central Tower. Unluckily for them, they get attacked by the mobile suit known as "G-Self," piloted by the female space pirate, Aida. Though Bellri and his classmates manage to capture her and the mobile suit, the Capital Guard Academy also comes under attack shortly afterwards, and they are quickly overwhelmed. Realizing that they need the power of the G-Self to defend their home, Bellri hops into the cockpit and heads into action himself in an attempt to defend his friends and home.
The story is about a girl named Ronja who is the daughter of a chief of a tribe of bandits and lives in a huge castle in the forest with the bandits. The story follows Ronja as she encounters mystical creatures, makes friends with another young child like herself, and experiences life in the forest.
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Taking place after a three-year time skip, the series will follow Shindou Kurono, Kiba Shion, and Anjou Tokoha as the new protagonists of G. Kurono uses the never-before-seen clan Gear Chronicle, which brings together the destinies of these three toward an "impossible future, an impossible self signifying 'Generation.'" (Source: vanguardus.blogspot.com, edited)
Anime adaptation of Majin Bone, a digital card game project. Majin, the creator of the Universe, has been resurrected in the present day. Shougo Ryuujin, an ordinary high school student who transforms into the Bone Fighter Dragonbone with the Bone Card in order to save Earth. Together, with the other White Bone warriors take a stand against the Dark Bone, a foe that has appeared from darkness to devastate Earth. However, "could the true enemy be ourselves?" (Source: ANN)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
The story will revolve around how the Avengers—Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and the Hulk together with the help of Spider-Man and a group of teens—will harness their respective fighting skills and superhuman powers to foil Loki's scheme to take over the world. Marvel Disk Wars: The Avengers will target boys in the 6-12 age group. (Source: Marvel)
An adaptation of the Future Card Buddyfight card game. Future Card Buddyfight takes place in a more futuristic version of today. The card game connects to a parallel universe through special cards (Buddy Rare Cards) that act as portals. They bring monsters to Earth in order for them to become buddies with humans. Through friendship and courage, they take on and fight challenges, known as Buddyfights, where people of all ages have friendly non-hurtful competitions. The main character, Gaou Mikado has just started Buddyfighting. As the story progresses, Buddyfights are seeming to become a little too real...
Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together? (Source: Wikipedia)
Haneru Tobitatsu is a hyperactive middle schooler with a passion for dancing. Inspired by his idol Jey El, the hottest star in the world of dancing, Haneru practices outside Memorial Hall every day after school. Unbeknownst to him, his "secret" practice sessions are being watched by Kanon Otosaki—her true identity being the famous online dancer, Rhythm—who also frequents the same location for practice. When Haneru finds out about this, he shows an immediate interest in teaming up with her.  Slowly realizing the joy of performing with others, the duo makes their way into the world of street dancing, where they meet Kumonosuke, Mizuki, and Yuzuru, ultimately forming the dance group "Tribe Cool Crew." As they face off against tough competition, they strive to one day realize their dream of sharing the stage with Jey El. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Through an unexpected turn of events, an ordinary elementary school student, Hiro Enryuu, finds himself in the world of the "Dragon Collection" game. This is a world called Dragon Earth, where gods, humans, and monsters exist side by side. Those who roam this world using a magic book, called a Grimoire, and cards to summon monsters and search for treasures that bear the powers of dragons are called Dracolle Battlers. Despite his bewilderment, Hiro becomes a Dracolle Battler and, together with the friends he meets there, begins his adventure to become a legendary Dragon Master! (Source: Crunchyroll)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
In Big Money City, players participate in "Hero Battles" using Bankfon Gs, which allows them to rent powerful hero suits and fight battles against other players, receiving power boosts from the system's public domain feature. Kaito Goushou, a young elementary school student who is always eager to help others, ends up hastily signing a contract to rent the powerful unlisted hero suit, "Enter the Gold," from a mysteriously seedy priest named Sennen; however, he soon learns that the suit comes with a debt of 10 billion yen, and Kaito must now clear his dues by winning Hero Battles. (Source: Wikipedia)
Eons ago, a cube–like peaceful planet named Quarton, populated by shape–shifting living bricks called Tenkai, was ravaged by a war between two opposite factions: the Corekai and the Corrupted led by the ruthless warlord Vilius who desired to obtain the source of Tenkai Energy for his own purposes. However, the only ones who were strong enough to defeat him were the Tenkai Knights: Bravenwolf, Tributon, Valorn and Lydendor. Facing defeat, Vilius unleashed the mighty Tenkai Dragon, who was later defeated by the four Knights and its fragments were scattered across the planet. These heroes were never seen again, but the Corrupted have returned more powerful than ever. Now on planet Earth in the year 2034, four teenage humans named Guren, Ceylan, Toxsa, and Chooki find an interdimensional portal to Quarton where they are chosen by the Guardians to become the new generation of Tenkai Knights and prevent Vilius to take control of both worlds. (Source: Wikipedia)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
The anime adaptation revolves around a young boy named Faiya Orega who loves Oreca competitions. One day, he is granted the power to summon real Oreca monsters due to the mysterious powers of the treasure chest Pandora. To protect the peace of the Oreca world, Faiya must fight the demon king who threatens the land. (Source: Crunchyroll)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Nano Invaders follows the eye-popping adventures of Hikaru, 11, who is dragged into a series of battles between two rival alien clans. One day Hikaru tries on a bracelet that belongs to his classmate Mimi and he turns into a monster. Mimi’s family is a special scouting unit from planet Anima. When alien invaders from a rival planet Damon attack the city, Hikaru joins force with Mimi’s family to fight back. The battle gets on the TV, making Hikaru and the aliens instant heroes. Simple-minded Hikaru is happy to see his dream come true, not knowing that Mimi’s family is plotting to take over the earth too! (Source: Mondo TV)
Remake of the Ninja Hattori-kun series.
The most anticipated card game, Duel Masters had returned after 2 years since the battle in the past season. However, Katta Kirifuda once the strongest duelist, is now a year 2 middle school student and had lost his passion of dueling throughout the 2 years, and dreams of curry bread every day. However, after an encounter with the baseball ace, Hokaben, a mysterious duelist and a reunion with his childhood friend Lulu Takigawa, he rekindled his dueling spirit and return to his journey of becoming the strongest duelist. With new friends and rivals and Katta's passionate duelist soul, the greatest battle begins!  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
It's a heartwarming and sometimes nonsense comedy about an elementary school boy Tomoo Kinoshita.
We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World. (Source: AniDB)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
In a Tokyo suburb small town, there lives a girl named Nekota Kaoru. Being born into a normal family, being raised in a normal way, this spring she'll become a normal happy middle-schooler. However, since young age, Nekota had an abnormal ability to see Imadoki youkai (Modern Monster). And she has kept it a secret from others...
A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
Dayan the cat came to Wachi Field from the Earth through Snow magic. Wachi Field was originally part of the Earth, but separated by Snow God because of the War between Gods and Titans, which destroyed the land. After the war, the Earth's time flow faster than Wachi Field, which the life is slow with animals and fairies and full of mischief.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
How did Asia's most prominent entrepreneurs know when to grasp opportunities? And how did they overcome difficulties and attain their positions of power? This series uses the unconventional technique of blending actual documentary footage with CG animation to get a close-up look into the front lines and what lies behind the scenes of Asian business. Our cartoon host is Shima Kosaku, a character from a popular Japanese business manga. He delves into the heart of the Asian economic market representing 4 billion people, to visit entrepreneurs who have survived turbulent times. Thai business magnate, Dhanin Chearavanont (Chairman of CP Group), and innovative Taiwanese semiconductor entrepreneur, Morris Chang (Chairman of TSMC), are among the many movers and shakers to be featured. Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the dramatic lives of these media-shy business titans. (Source: Official Site)
New series of Tamagotchi!.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series.
Rodeo is a normal high school boy who aims to be like GRANRODEO. Gra-P, a self-proclaimed music producer who comes from the future, tries to help him.
The anime follows Tsukasa, whose dream is to become the best at Gigant Shooter (battles in a game similar to pog) in the world. The menko card his father left for him called King Menger is his partner. Tsukasa's fellow gamers are the cute but tsundere Koide Miruko, the spectacled bully Numata Manabu, and the realist and sharp-tongued Doumoto Ataru. (Source: ANN)
Based on a picture book series, it follows a dog who flies above the clouds with a balloon.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
musicる TV signed up Norasco for their channel. Some of the ONA's episodes were shown and then the episodes became mostly musicる TV exclusive.
A series of shorts about pigs who wear underpants.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
The anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and, despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts. (Source: ANN)
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
The 3rd continuation of NTV's ZIP! anime parody shorts. This one focuses on Hakushon Daimaou. Like with the previous season, occasionally the Gatchaman team and now the Mazinger Z team show up in some episodes.
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
An educational program teaching children shapes, basic math, colors, and other subjects.
Everyday objects come to life.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
The fifth season of Hetalia.
The psychologist Ryou and his cheerful nurse Asuna explain many aspects of mental illness to the reader. They cover topics such as the validity, prevalence, and origins of mental disorders, in addition to addressing specific disorders. The information is imparted in a cheerful and comic manner, with various jokes, puns, and pop culture references. (Source: MU)
The short film series "Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition" presented by Studio Khara and Dwango. Original projects, spin-off projects, promotional films, Music PV, and VJ Films, etc... Various omnibus animations produced with love and energy, regardless of any genres. The digital distribution anime series bring opportunities for project development, R&D, human resources development, and free production under limited period and budget, to explore the possibilities of future film production. (Source: Official site)
The story centers around Chizuru, who moved from Yamaguchi to Tokyo, and cannot keep up with the pace of her studies. Losing sight of her dream because of discouraging marks in practice exams, she talks to her former classmate Shōta, and slowly begins changing the way she studies. (Source: ANN)
Back alley of candy shop which everybody has called it "Alley of ghosts." Gacharico the Ghost lives there, but it's a secret that only little Miku, from the family candy shop, knows. The content of the capsules appear to be ordinary toys, but inside Gacharico the Ghost, live an abundant of other ghosts, each with their own personality. Even today, the ghosts are using all their powers to try to inspire awe and feelings in the children around them. (Source: Official website)
Animated PVs for the mobile RPG Princess Connect! franchise.
Music video by Sawako Kabuki.
(No synopsis yet.)
A continuation of the first season. Makina lost consciousness when the Marishi Machina suit developed by the Hyuga Corporation seized control of her body and sent her charging onto the new Shutoko expressway on an MT-07. Luckily, Dan was able to stop her before it was too late. With Makina on the back of his MT-09 Street Rally, Dan began riding back towards the Genesis Café only to be intercepted by Hyuga Corporation chairman Mitsukuni Hyuga. He was waiting for them with an unsettling expression on his face. Dan was sure that he would be forced to resign his job for getting the heir to the company’s presidency, Kotaro Hyuga, involved in this mess. But when Makina confronts Mitsukuni about the truth behind the incident that claimed their parents’ lives, Dan is given an order he would never have expected. Dan keeps trying to avoid facing the trauma he experienced as a child, but is encouraged to find the truth by Makina. Sanae, the owner of the Genesis Café, seems to notice their troubled state and takes matters into her own hands. Can Dan face his past and free himself of the curse he has borne and reclaim his future with his own hands? The interlocked gears of fate driving the destinies Dan, Makina and Kotaro begin to move again, and the next part of their story is about to unfold... (Source: Yamaha site)
Animated commercials for Sega's Hortensia Saga: Aoi no Kishidan mobile game. 
Scattered throughout the world is proof of an advanced prehistoric civilization. There exist those who desperately want to learn more about these ancient people. The series follows people who set out on an adventure to uncover the truth.
This special is about a wounded man who finds himself caught up in the lives of twin sisters, and the man that they both fell in love with. (Source: Wikipedia)
ShoPro's new transforming train toy line comes with animated promotional videos on the official YouTube page. Featuring shinkansen which transform into Shinkalions who fight a mysterious shakouki-doguu monster. 
The first half of the episode recaps the first episode of the first season and the second half is all new animation setting up for the second season as the characters go to cities rather than being out in the countryside.
A New Year's special for Kana Kana Kazoku, welcoming the 2015 year.
Comedy episodes focusing on the strange daily life of characters from Nanocore.
Commercial animated by A-1 Pictures for Tansa Quest!, a smartphone RPG.
(No synopsis yet.)
Lala-chan is a slightly selfish squirrel girl. On her birthday the gifts given to her by her friends go awry. The group gets teleported into a new world (Earth) where they try to retrieve the elemental magic crystal balls that bring balance in their world.
Lalala Lala-chan video letter style episodes. Characters break the 4th wall to talk to the viewer as if it was a reality show studio being filmed on camera. The episodes are meant to complement each episode of Lalala Lala-chan.
Short animations for the Ugoku Ehon (Moving Picture Book) line by the Yumearu company. Yumearu specializes in children's education.
A promotional web anime created for the company Bourbon.
UHA Mikakutou is a candy company that makes a chewy confectionery called Puccho. The candy has mascots and the company collaborated with Ryou Inoue for an anime short with these mascots in a Revolutionary Girl Utena inspired feature. Special LINE stamps were also available in honor of the collaboration.
At the behest of the Queen, Earl Ciel Phantomhive hosts a lavish dinner party attended by several of the finest members of polite society—as well as struggling author, Arthur. But as the party reaches its high, a terrible murder takes place and none other than the Earl himself is suspected of the crime. As a violent storm rages on outside, the death count continues to climb. The Phantomhive household and their eminent guests find they must cooperate in order to solve this mystery before they too fall prey to the mysterious murderer. However, it seems that not even the perfect butler, Sebastian Michaelis, is safe from this horror. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Episodes released on DVDs bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the Nisekoi manga.
Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.1.
Arata is set to be expelled! The only way to save himself is to be taught more about the magic archives from the Trinity Seven themselves.
Haikyuu!!: Lev Kenzan! tells an original story that reveals "a surprising side of a popular player." (Source: ANN) 
Even during summer break, the Amusement Club lives up to its name! When Akari Akaza, Kyouko Toshinou, Chinatsu Yoshikawa, and Yui Funami find a camping tent, they decide to put it to good use by spending the weekend outside in the mountains. When some student council members catch wind of this, they are invited to come along as well. After a very long journey, the group arrives at their destination and is ready to make the most of their trip. They engage in classic camping activities, such as outdoor cooking and tests of courage, and finish it all off with a visit to the hot springs. An extravagant trip like this doesn't happen every day, but the Amusement Club is sure to savor each moment. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs.
Unaired anime-original OVA bundled with 12th volume of the Hitsugi no Chaika novel.
Ryouhei Arisu is a high school student with no ambitions and just wants to escape from what he feels is a meaningless reality. One night when he is with his two friends Daikichi Karube and Chouta Segawa, they see an abnormally large firework shoot into the sky, an event which signals a permanent change in their lives. Blinded by the incredibly bright explosion, the three find themselves transported to what is known as the Borderland. The only inhabitants of this world are participants of a deadly game where specific tasks must be accomplished if they wish to survive. As the three begin playing to determine how they can get back home, Ryouhei finds himself feeling alive for the very first time in his life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After a string of failed jobs, Keiichi Oyamada lands work at a small manga cafe. Things seem to be looking up from day one. His best friend is his manager and he gets to work alongside the beautiful Rei Suzukawa. Also, his cute childhood friend, Kururu Hiiragi, is a regular—and she's all grown up! So why couldn't Keiichi hold down a job before? Due to a series of bizarre coincidences, he always seems to end up having sex with every single female coworker! Although he hopes to finally end this deadly cycle, Keiichi will soon find out that bad habits die hard.
OVA of Diabolik Lovers included with the upcoming game Diabolik Lovers DARK FATE.
DVD OVA of Witch Craft Works bundled with the eighth manga volume. 
Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes. (Source: ANN)
OVA bundled with Niθ Art Works Vol. 2, featuring a new character named Kagekatsu Uesugi.
A letter arrives at Death Cram School. Inside is a an invitation to a spa resort. Yumi declares to the four excited girls that, "No. This is evil itself," points out that they are slacking off too much. Shiki proposes, "When opinions are divided, it's time for boob rock-paper-scissors!" and then wins so they all go to the pool. There, girls from Hanzoo Academy, Homura Crimson Squad, and Hebijo Clandestine Girls' Academy also come, but Asuka says, "Let's have fun together today" and they call a temporary truce. However, a trivial matter sets off a sour quarrel and, at Yumi's suggestion, they settle it with a showdown in the style of the ancient shinobi. (Source: ANN)
Bundled with the limited editions of 17th, 18th, 19th, and 24th volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga.
A relaxing vacation at the Manra Valley onsen is just what the members of the Futabu, or Futanari Club, signed up for. Officially, their goal is to research the harvest festival native to the area for a high school project. Unofficially, they're there to have a little fun, and the springs are an aphrodisiac...
The story begins with Hanabi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The manga depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love. (Source: ANN) 
Haruka has taken it upon herself to turn her father back to normal, but her own desire starts to cloud her judgment. When he comes to her work for her to keep her promise, passion starts to spiral out of control as the other sisters become jealous of her. Does she really want him to return to normal? Or does she just want him for herself? (Source: H-Moe)
Bundled with the special editions of the manga's 7th and 8th volumes. When a certain man is released from prison, he knows exactly where he's heading first. After falling in love with a traditional comic storyteller's rendition of the story called "Shinigami," he is determined to become his apprentice. The performer, Yakumo, has never taken an apprentice before, but to everyone's surprise, he accepts the eager ex-prisoner, nicknaming him "Yotaro." As Yotaro happily begins his new life, he meets others in Yakumo's life, including Yakumo's ward Konatsu. Konatsu was the daughter of a famous storyteller, and Yakumo took her in after her father's tragic death. Konatsu loved her father's storytelling, and would love to become a performer in her own right—but that path is not available for women. (Source: MangaHelpers)
The protagonist lives alone in an apartment owned by his uncle and lives a carefree school life. One spring day, his uncle can't stand seeing him confining himself in his room any more and tells him to go out and find love while he is still young; however, he doesn't have any experience with girls nor does he have anyone that he's interested in.
Kazuhiro Sayama finally gathers the courage to confess to his crush, Erika Sakurai. She responds by immediately having sex with their gym teacher in front of him. It turns out that the girl of his dreams is a voracious sex addict and she's especially into exhibitionism. The two strike a deal: Kazuhiro will become Erika's personal cameraman, filming every one of her sexual encounters. He gets to watch the girl he likes in every lewd situation imaginable, with only one catch—he himself may not have sex with her. Will Kazuhiro be content with their arrangement, or will he shoot for something more?
A new OVA for the idol girls series Futsuu no Joshikousei ga [Locodol] Yatte Mita. has been announced on the anime’s official Twitter. The news was first given at the 2nd Early Summer Nagarekawa Festival which took place at the Differ Ariake Arena in Tokyo today, and consisted of live events including the main cast of the anime. (Source: MAL News)
OVAs bundled with the 15-17th volumes of the Mushibugyou manga.
Having finally gotten together with Miharu, Ushio leads a healthy daily sex life. That comes to an end one day when Miharu takes a bad fall on the way to school and is hospitalised. Together with Miharu's sister, Futaba, Ushio keeps vigil at the hospital until Miharu finally awakens. However, she does so without any memory of Ushio! Not only that, she is no longer the cheerful and positive Miharu that Ushio is familiar with. Instead, this Miharu is dour and moody. Futaba reveals that this was the Miharu of the past, before she met Ushio. While Ushio was worrying about what to do, he becomes aware of Futaba's heavy breathing, flushed cheeks, and the lust in her upturned eyes. Despite his worry about Miharu, his will crumbles before Futaba's seduction. Based on the eroge (erotic game) Fukubiki! Triangle by Blue Gale.
Based on an adult PC game by Courreges Ace.  Takuma has a crush on Megumi, but is unable to confess or date her. When browsing on his phone, he comes across a hypnosis program and decides to try it. Could this be the thing to bring him closer to Megumi? Perhaps it will make her simply obey, which could be a lot of fun too...
Based on the adult PC game by Orc Soft. After five years Kenta returns his former house. Now his uncle's family lives there and he is supposed to stay there again because he plans to attend the nearby school. That means he'll meet his older cousins, twins Saki and Maki , again who used to take care of him when he was younger. But to his surprise Saki and Maki have grown into very outgoing girls. Kenta quickly learns that his uncle got transferred to another city so it's only the three of them in the house. Saki and Maki waste no time to approach him very aggressivly. (Source: VNDB)
There once was a maou Astaroth who invaded the human kingdom, plunging the world into war. However, he was finally suppressed by a group of heroes who took his powers and sealed him deep underground. Two hundred years later, there were rumours that the seal was broken due to the recent shifts in the Earth’s crust and that the maou had been revived. Many confident adventurers descended on Astaroth’s underground labyrinth with the intention of defeating him and becoming famous. Little did they know that he had set out a trap for them… (Source: Omochikaeri)
 After the private lodge Suuichi planned to study at for his summer break burns down; from a meteorite strike, he takes up the offer from his sister(Nanami) to stay with her in the dorms over summer break. While in the bath with his sister he is caught by three other female inhabitants of the dorms and is subsequently taught "lessons" by each of them, partially in part to agreeing to call each of them "nee-chan". Based on the erotic PC game by Atelier Kaguya Honky-Tonk Pumpkin. 
It has been five years since Hiro's older brother passed away, and during those years, he has been living with his brother's widow, Yayoi. Fast forward to the present, Hiro's feelings for Yayoi are brighter than ever. Will he be able to confess his feelings toward her? Will Yayoi be able to reciprocate said feelings? (Source: MU, edited)
Based on the erotic game by Erectlip.
Hayakawa Rena as school advisor caught her sister, Hayakawa Mina having sex with guy teacher. But Rena is blackmailed into being a plaything for men. (Source: AniDB)
She's been photographed doing something she shouldn't have... Now she's blackmailed into being a plaything for men.  (Source: AniDB)
Based on the adult manga by Shiwasu no Okina. Ayano-sensei is a teacher in a lesbian relationship with one of her female students. When helping to clear out the old second school building, she finds a flash drive with pictures of women having sex... women with dicks of their own! Her investigation leads her to one of her very own students, the president of the black magic club. He can make it happen, but it's not gonna be easy. (Source: H-Moe)
A story about the Trojan ruins and a great archeological discovery.
A 2-disc OVA series created for businesses under the supervision of two lawyers. It's main goal is to be a scandal prevention tool. The focus is scandals in a work environment, as in how they happen and how supervisors are to handle the situation.  Disc 1 covers voyeurism (mainly taking up-skirt photos of school girls in public places), stalking, drunk driving, and illegal drug use.  Disc 2 handles embezzlement, IP theft, and maternity harassment/pregnancy discrimination (a common issue in Japan where women are bullied into quitting when seeking maternity leave. Some women receive this harassment in the form of being passed over for promotions even when not pregnant/without kids because they might one day become pregnant in the future).  Some topics deal cover two versions of the issue. Such as IP theft on purpose (someone selling company information) and IP theft by accident (losing a USB full of data on a train with company information).
Due to the incredible success of the Sibyl System, Japan has begun exporting the technology to other countries with the hope that it will one day be used all around the world. In order to test its effectiveness in a foreign location, the war-torn state of the South East Asian Union (SEAUn) decides to implement the system, hoping to bring peace and stability to the town of Shambala Float and keep the population in check. However, a group of anti-Sibyl terrorists arrive in Japan, and the Ministry of Welfare's Public Safety Bureau discovers significant evidence that the invaders are being aided by Shinya Kougami, a former Enforcer who went rogue. Because of their past relationship, Akane Tsunemori is sent to SEAUn to bring him back, but with their last meeting years in the past, their reunion might not go quite as planned. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The first part of a two-part movie. The story is a recap of the TV series.
Tetsuko "Alice" Arisugawa, a transfer student to Ishinomori Middle School, hears a strange rumor that one year ago, "Judas was killed by four other Judas" in Class 1. While investigating, Alice discovers that the only person who may know the truth, Alice's classmate Hana, lives next door to her in the "Flower House" that everyone is scared of... Eager to know more about the Judas murder, Alice sneaks into the Flower House to ask the reclusive Hana for more information about the Judas murder and why she's a recluse. The chance meeting of Hana and Alice sets them off on an adventure to solve the mystery of the "smallest murder in the world." (Source: Anime Limited)
Recap of the Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova TV series, with approximately 40 minutes of new material.  By 2039, global warming had caused sea levels to rise and large amount of territory to be lost. As though in response, a mysterious group of warships clad in mist, "the Fleet of Mist," appeared in every corner of the ocean, and began attacking human ships. In spite of humanity mustering all their strength, they were utterly defeated by the Mist's overwhelming force. All of humanity's trade routes were blockaded by the Fleet of Mist, their political economy was destroyed, and the human race was steadily beaten down. Seven years later, the Fleet of Mist's submarine I-401 appears before cadet Gunzo Chihaya. The humanoid life form that pilots the sub, who should be their enemy, is instead offering her services to mankind. (Source: ANN)
Aki Miyagawa moved to Tokyo to pursue her dream to be a taiko drummer, but had a hard time balancing her strict training regimen with her part-time job. Now, after 15 years, she's returning to coach others for a taiko festival. (Source: ANN) Project by J.C.Staff announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015.
Set in a different series of events, this story does not follow the previous Appleseed movie canon (despite being directed by the same director of the previous movies); it is an alternate story to their beginnings. Briareos is already a cyborg and did not become separated from Deunan to be later reunited in Olympus to join ESWAT. Appleseed Alpha depicts the early days of Deunan Knute and Briareos in the 22nd century, as they embark on a journey throughout dystopic ruins of New York in search of the city of Olympus. They are hired by Two Horns, the warlord of the ruined city, to eliminate bipedal combat machines. During the fight, they encounter Iris and Olson, both on a mission. Deunan and Briareos befriend them and decide to join their mission. Iris is tasked with preventing the malevolent cyborg Talos from capturing a secret weapon humans were building. Talos uses Iris to activate the gigantic war machine. (Source: Wikipedia)
Eri, a girl who likes to stay indoors, meets a mysterious but enthusiastic transfer student named Haru. Eri used to love to sing and Haru loves Eri's singing. The story follows the two during one summer of their high school life as their love sometimes overlaps and sometimes passes by each other. (Source: ANN) Project by Studio Deen announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. 
A recap of the first season of Sidonia no Kishi with additional scenes and re-edited sound effects. 
New Precure All Stars movie.
Kumi is a little girl who lives in a world with sparkling metal skyscrapers, and where robots support everything. Kumi's playground is a garden by one of those skyscrapers with a man-made water fountain, artificial vegetation, and digital water and butterflies.  Kumi meets an old man who visits the park every day to paint the artificial flowers. The old man tells Kumi of when he discovered a "breathing" tulip sprouting amidst the artificial flowers, and the two decide to watch over the tulip together as it grows. (Source: ANN) Project by Tezuka Productions announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. 
PriPara the Movie: Everyone, Assemble! Prism ☆ Tours is the film based on and starring the characters from PriPara. The film is scheduled to begin showing in theaters across Japan from March 7, 2015. The plot will focus on Laala Manaka finding out about Saints' top idol journey, and will feature the return of many characters from across all the Pretty Rhythm series. (Source: PriPara Wikia)
(No synopsis yet.)
Hiroshi is tired of living alone so he orders a maid robot from a company called Happy ComeCome, but ends up with the robot mom Yoshiko instead. Yoshiko acts more motherly than Hiroshi's real mother, and over time she is able to heal his heart. (Source: ANN) Project by SynergySP announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015. 
Our lives in the real world stand at the crossroads of countless decisions. The characters of this film—Maro and Crow, the department chief Ms. Kim, Sweet Potato and Titi, Ye-mi and Gang-bo—live in an imaginary animated world, but they face the real life concerns that confront all of us. This story takes a funny yet bittersweet look at the vast gulf between the reality and ideals of our lives at different moments—before we make a choice, during the process of choosing, and after a choice has been made. (Source: Korean Film Biz Zone)
Short films screened at 109 Cinemas during previews. 
A short video produced for Toho Cinemas featuring Minions from the Despicable Me franchise and Godzilla. The Minions interact with the Toho logo.
Hundreds of thousands of years after the collapse of civilization, the world is a post-tech wasteland, and is inhabited by humanoid tribes. The Peace held between them is threatened by the return of Wushen, an evil shape-shifting ghost of modern technology. Wushen threatens to enslave the world population. Zhuma, a ten-year-old girl is the heroine of the story, accompanied by Zhanggong, her lion-like Tibetan Mastiff dog. Chosen, and helped by a ethereal goddess she must assemble a band of allies from the surviving tribes to fight Wushen, and stop him from gaining control over an ancient power. (Source: IMDb)
The film adaptation of the One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes web manhua.
A short film by Onohana.
Sequel to the movie Legend of a Rabbit It’s been couples of years since Tu defeated Slash. More than a hero, Tu is regarded as the protector of the village defeating bandits and upholding justice. However, with no real foundation in Kung Fu, Tu has to start from zero in order to harness the Kung Fu skills which he inherited from the Grandmaster. One day, Tu rescues an old injured warrior who finally turns out to be the evil Zhan. Zhan plans to take over the world of Martial Art by acquiring a precious gem from the real successor Lan of Huo Clan. Upon confrontation, Tu fails to save Lan and the Martial of Fire. The reality hits him and Tu realizes he’s just a lucky rabbit who happens to inherit the Grandmaster’s Kung Fu. Therefore, Tu restarts to practicing Kung Fu as much encouragement from Penny and Biggie. As time goes by, Tu’s able to get on his feet and join his fellow warriors, Penny and Biggie, to stop Zhan’s evil plan, while Zhan is getting closer to his goal. Finally, Tu defeats against evil Zhan by holding the True Harmony of the Martial of Fire & Water. (Source: GSC Movies)
A Mystical Winter is a magical, thrilling spectacle/family adventure that tells the legendary tale of The Mystical Spirit of Winter who maintains the harmonious balance on Crystal Peaks. Briar and Bramble were just cubs when they first heard the story. While getting lost in the woods, Bramble stumbles upon the lair of Neva, the Spirit of Winter and forms a long lasting bond with the mystical creature. Years later, the Spirit of Winter returns, and is being hunted by an ambitious collector. Bramble decides to go on a journey to find Neva, and save her from causing the dormant volcano on Crystal Peaks from erupting. (Source: Official website)
(No synopsis yet.)
Sanuki Film Festival in 2015 and 2016 had opening animations to officially launch the beginning of the festival.
Half asleep with my eyes closed, my conscience flies beyond time and space and I transform myself to all the life forms existing. I become the universe and the universe becomes me, until I fall asleep.... It is a song to pray for the existence of heart and soul at an awakening.
In Green Green Pastures, there exists a much loved legend about valiant dragon-slayers who lived in the Stone Age. Having grown up listening to stories about their awe-inspiring adventures, Pleasant Goat and Fatty Goat have always wanted to become dragon slayers themselves. While trying to make this dream come true, Fatty Goat inadvertently switches bodies with Big Big Wolf, and the two, along with Pleasant Goat, soon find themselves transported back to the Stone Age. When an evil dragon appears and threatens Stone Age Green Green Pastures, Fatty Goat, Big Big Wolf and Pleasant Goat must rise up to the dragon-slaying challenge.  (Source: YesAsia)
Tomoya Aki, Megumi Katou, Eriri Spencer Sawamura, Utaha Kasumigaoka and Tomoya's cousin Michiru Hyoudou (all members of a doujin circle called Blessing Software) go out location scouting for their project, a video game. As Eriri attempts to get Megumi to act out a scenario for the main heroine, Utaha lures Tomoya away and forces him to act out a romantic scenario with her. (Source: Wikipedia)
Unaired episode included with volume 7 of the Blu-ray/DVD.
Short specials added to Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
Unaired episode included in the 7th Blu-ray/DVD volume of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou anime.
Music video Yakusoku no Kizuna from Kyoukai no Kanata Movie: I'll Be Here - Kako-hen Blu-ray/DVD.
Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Chibi versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters.
Specials included with third and seventh volumes of the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
Previously an assistant of Miare City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on the 4-koma manga stories of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou. Included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes 1-7.
Recap of the first season of Aldnoah.Zero series.
Extra episode of Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei: Yoku Wakaru Mahouka! included in the BD/DVD.
Specials included with the Hyakka Ryouran: Samurai After BDs.
Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Volume 2 and Volume 7.
Recap of the first two seasons of Dog Days series narrated by Mikako Takahashi. Aired simultaneously with the first episode of the third season.
Episode 13 included with the Blu-ray/DVD release. 
Four episodes that will be aired on TV as segments within the children's television program Oha Suta.
Short specials included with the Blu-rays and DVDs.
The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls recap aired between episodes 7 and 8 as part of a special program featuring the seiyuu of Uzuki Shimamura, Rin Shibuya, Mio Honda, and Producer.
Special episode consisting of two short stories. The first being an expanded version of Detective Conan: The Fugitive Kogorou Mouri, which was never aired on TV till now. The second half being a brand new New Years Day segment.
Short original anime bundled with the limited edition Blu-ray Box of Saki Achiga-hen: Episode of Side-A.
Summary and commentary for each episode by the main characters. Included on the Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
Bell and Aida are scouting the zone around Towasanga, when they're attacked by Mask Squad. Mask is piloting a new unit, a pitch black Phenex.
An advertisement for MyNavi Chintai (MyNavi Rental) that began airing on television on January 10, 2015. The "20-dai no Heya-hen" (Rooms for Twentysomethings) commercial shows how the MyNavi Chintai service lets young people find living spaces that fit their different lifestyles. The characters profiled include a man living alone who searched for a place "near the station," a woman with a dog who searched for an apartment that "allows pets," a couple who searched for a place "for two," and a woman searching for a room on the service. (Source: ANN)
Comedic omake specials that aired after Garo: Honoo no Kokuin.
An expanded version of the first episode of Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - Exodus included in the Blu-ray & DVD Vol.1.
An anime adaptation of the Nekota no Koto ga Kininatte Shikatanai. manga screened at the Ribon Festa 2015 event. A girl named Mikiko sees the face of a popular boy in her class as a cat's face.
MILPOM★ will be stop motion shorts that feature dolls in a surreal world for girls. (Source: ANN)
A picture drama released on the BD Box Set of Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS. Subaru, Teana, Vivio host a radio show promoting their own BD Box Sets. They look at a hypothetical Midchilda Academy with all the core cast is present be it as students or as teachers.
An episode of Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC that acts as an advertisement for a related Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC game, aired in Minna Atsumare! Falcom Gakuen SC's regular time slot a week after episode 12.
The purpose of the short is to thank people for help during the prefecture's reconstruction efforts and prevent victims' memories of the 2011 disaster from fading away.  The anime's story focuses on a pair of 16-year-old high school students who experience the Tohoku disaster and grow in the aftermath. Jun Agatsuma's father is a doctor, and she worries about the future. Kunpei Satou's father is a fisherman, and it was decided that the boy will succeed his father in the job. The pair's lives are suddenly disrupted when the 2011 earthquake and tsunami hit their area. The two determine their futures as Miyagi Prefecture recovers in the wake of the disaster. Three people connected to Miyagi Prefecture were chosen to voice the short's characters.  (Source: ANN)
The studio TMS Entertainment collaborated with Seibu Railways on the new original anime Dededen. The anime celebrates both the 50th anniversary of TMS Entertainment and the 100th anniversary of Seibu Railways. TMS Entertainment happens to be located near the Araiyakushimae Station on the Seibu Shinjuku Line. The anime followed the daily life of the main lead Amoru Tokorozawa and the railway. TMS plans to make five episodes, each 75 seconds long. It is running on the train's onboard SmileVision screens, as well as on the Smile StationVision screens around major stations from February 23 to December 31. (Source: ANN)
The March issue of Shueisha's Ribon magazine announced that a television anime of Kanahei's shoujo manga Onnanoko tte. (About Girls) has been green-lit. The shorts will premiere in February and run every Thursday in the children's variety program OhaStu (Good Morning Studio). The anime is about the many worries that girls have, such as pimples, dry skin, unwanted hair, drinking while driving, face turning red, and singing well at karaoke. The series explains matters regarding girls' bodies and minds through manga art and answers from experts. (Source: ANN)
Animated Felix commercials, they are a Nestlé Purina brand cat food treat.
(No synopsis yet.)
