When tragedy is about to strike, Satoru Fujinuma finds himself sent back several minutes before the accident occurs. The detached, 29-year-old manga artist has taken advantage of this powerful yet mysterious phenomenon, which he calls "Revival," to save many lives.  However, when he is wrongfully accused of murdering someone close to him, Satoru is sent back to the past once again, but this time to 1988, 18 years in the past. Soon, he realizes that the murder may be connected to the abduction and killing of one of his classmates, the solitary and mysterious Kayo Hinazuki, that took place when he was a child. This is his chance to make things right.  Boku dake ga Inai Machi follows Satoru in his mission to uncover what truly transpired 18 years ago and prevent the death of his classmate while protecting those he cares about in the present. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After dying a laughable and pathetic death on his way back from buying a game, high school student and recluse Kazuma Satou finds himself sitting before a beautiful but obnoxious goddess named Aqua. She provides the NEET with two options: continue on to heaven or reincarnate in every gamer's dream—a real fantasy world! Choosing to start a new life, Kazuma is quickly tasked with defeating a Demon King who is terrorizing villages. But before he goes, he can choose one item of any kind to aid him in his quest, and the future hero selects Aqua. But Kazuma has made a grave mistake—Aqua is completely useless! Unfortunately, their troubles don't end here; it turns out that living in such a world is far different from how it plays out in a game. Instead of going on a thrilling adventure, the duo must first work to pay for their living expenses. Indeed, their misfortunes have only just begun! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The students return as school is back in session for the second semester. Following their exploits on the island during summer vacation, Class 3-E continues to sharpen their blades with their sights set on their teacher, the slippery Koro-sensei. They have more to worry about than just their teacher, however, as enemy assassins, both old and new, are out for the increased bounty on the octopus' head. Moreover, their rivals in Class A, as well as Kunugigaoka Junior High's fearsome principal, stand to block Class E from achieving academic excellence. With all of these obstacles opposing them, the group must continue to work together in order to overcome their foes and accomplish their goal of successfully assassinating their teacher. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Fear, survival, instinct. Thrown into a foreign land with nothing but hazy memories and the knowledge of their name, they can feel only these three emotions resonating deep within their souls. A group of strangers is given no other choice than to accept the only paying job in this game-like world—the role of a soldier in the Reserve Army—and eliminate anything that threatens the peace in their new world, Grimgar. When all of the stronger candidates join together, those left behind must create a party together to survive: Manato, a charismatic leader and priest; Haruhiro, a nervous thief; Yume, a cheerful hunter; Shihoru, a shy mage; Mogzo, a kind warrior; and Ranta, a rowdy dark knight. Despite its resemblance to one, this is no game—there are no redos or respawns; it is kill or be killed.  It is now up to this ragtag group of unlikely fighters to survive together in a world where life and death are separated only by a fine line.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Mysterious immortal humans known as "Ajin" first appeared 17 years ago in Africa. Upon their discovery, they were labeled as a threat to mankind, as they might use their powers for evil and were incapable of being destroyed. Since then, whenever an Ajin is found within society, they are to be arrested and taken into custody immediately. Studying hard to become a doctor, Kei Nagai is a high schooler who knows very little about Ajin, only having seen them appear in the news every now and then. Students are taught that these creatures are not considered to be human, but Kei doesn't pay much attention in class. As a result, his perilously little grasp on this subject proves to be completely irrelevant when he survives an accident that was supposed to claim his life, signaling his rebirth as an Ajin and the start of his days of torment. However, as he finds himself alone on the run from the entire world, Kei soon realizes that more of his species may be a lot closer than he thinks. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Several months have passed since the infamous Ginza Incident, with tensions between the Empire and JSDF escalating in the vast and mysterious "Special Region" over peace negotiations. The greed and curiosity of the global powers have also begun to grow, as reports about the technological limitations of the magical realm's archaic civilizations come to light.  Meanwhile, Lieutenant Youji Itami and his merry band of female admirers struggle to navigate the complex political intrigue that plagues the Empire's court. Despite her best efforts, Princess Piña Co Lada faces difficulties attempting to convince her father that the JSDF has no intention of conquering their kingdom. Pressured from both sides of the Gate, Itami must consider even more drastic measures to fulfill his mission. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Phantoms: supernatural entities such as ghosts or youkai that, until recently, were thought to be superstition. However, when a virus that infects the brain spreads throughout society, people's perception of the world changes as the mythical beings are revealed to have been living alongside humanity the entire time. This virus has also affected those of the next generation significantly, allowing them to develop special abilities that they can use to fight against dangerous phantoms. Haruhiko Ichijou and Mai Kawakami are two of those that were granted such power as Haruhiko wields the ability to summon and seal phantoms through drawings while Mai imbues the power of the elements into martial arts. Together, along with the friendly phantom Ruru, they form Team E of Hosea Academy which is dedicated to dealing with these often mischievous beings. In a world where the real and surreal intertwine, Musaigen no Phantom World follows the adventures of a group of friends as they handle the everyday troubles caused by phantoms. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Out in the countryside stands a sweet shop run by the Shikada family for nine generations: Shikada Dagashi, a small business selling traditional Japanese candy. However, despite his father's pleas, Kokonotsu Shikada, an aspiring manga artist, adamantly refuses to inherit the family business. However, this may start to change with the arrival of the eccentric Hotaru Shidare. Hotaru is in search of Kokonotsu's father, with the goal of bringing him back to work for her family's company, Shidare Corporation, a world famous sweets manufacturer. Although the senior Shikada initially refuses, he states that he will change his mind on one condition: if Hotaru can convince Kokonotsu to take over the family shop. And so begins Hotaru's mission to enlighten the boy on the true joy of delicious and nostalgic dagashi! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As Mikado Ryuugamine continues to purge the Dollars from within in accordance with his warped sense of justice, Masaomi Kida hopes to bring his friend back to his senses by bringing the Yellow Scarves together once more. Little do they know that a far more dominant force is about to enter their struggle for power, one that their friend Anri Sonohara is all too familiar with. Meanwhile, the group that has gathered at Shinra Kishitani's apartment realizes that they are on the brink of something life-changing, an event that will throw Ikebukuro into a spiral of confusion. Their anxiety is realized when reports of Celty's head being found in public start to appear all over the news as Kasane Kujiragi begins to make her move. Gone are the brief periods of tranquility as the current turmoil sets the stage for one final performance in this thrilling conclusion to the story of Ikebukuro's finest. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the near future, humans have discovered a fourth dimension, Dimension W, and a supposedly infinite source of energy within. In order to harness this profound new energy, mankind develops advanced "coils," devices that link to and use the power of Dimension W. However, by year 2071, the New Tesla Energy corporation has monopolized the energy industry with coils, soon leading to the illegal distribution of unofficial coils that begin flooding the markets. Kyouma Mabuchi is an ex-soldier who is wary of all coil-based technology to the extent that he still drives a gas-powered car. Kyouma is a "Collector," individuals with the sole duty of hunting down illegal coils in exchange for money. What started out as just any other mission is turned on its head when he bumps in Mira Yurizaki, an android with a connection to the "father" of coils. When a series of strange events begin to take place, these two unlikely allies band together to uncover the mysteries of Dimension W. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Lux, a former prince of an empire named Arcadia that was overthrown via a rebellion five years earlier, accidentally trespasses in a female dormitory's bathing area, sees the kingdom's new princess Lisesharte naked, incurring her wrath. Lisesharte then challenges Lux to a Drag-Ride duel. Drag-Rides are ancient armored mechanical weapons that have been excavated from ruins all around the world. Lux used to be called the strongest Drag-Knight, but now he's known as the "undefeated weakest" Drag-Knight because he will absolutely not attack in battle. After his duel with Lisesharte, Lux ends up attending the female-only academy that trains royals to be Drag-Knights. (Source: ANN)
Yotarou is a former yakuza member fresh out of prison and fixated on just one thing: rather than return to a life of crime, the young man aspires to take to the stage of Rakugo, a traditional Japanese form of comedic storytelling. Inspired during his incarceration by the performance of distinguished practitioner Yakumo Yuurakutei, he sets his mind on meeting the man who changed his life. After hearing Yotarou's desperate appeal for his mentorship, Yakumo is left with no choice but to accept his very first apprentice. As he eagerly begins his training, Yotarou meets Konatsu, an abrasive young woman who has been under Yakumo's care ever since her beloved father Sukeroku Yuurakutei, another prolific Rakugo performer, passed away. Through her hidden passion, Yotarou is drawn to Sukeroku's unique style of Rakugo despite learning under contrasting techniques. Upon seeing this, old memories and feelings return to Yakumo who reminisces about a much earlier time when he made a promise with his greatest rival. Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu is a story set in both the past and present, depicting the art of Rakugo, the relationships it creates, and the lives and hearts of those dedicated to keeping the unique form of storytelling alive. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shirayuki and Zen Wistalia have finally confirmed their romantic feelings for each other, and everyone has resumed their daily lives. Shirayuki remains an apprentice court herbalist at the royal palace of Clarines, and Zen continues his duties alongside his aides. However, their daily routines are disrupted when Crown Prince Izana, Zen’s older brother, receives an invitation from Raji Shenazard, the prince of Tanbarun. The herbalist finds herself ordered to go to Tanbarun for seven days, to build a new friendship with the formerly selfish and haughty ruler who once ordered Shirayuki to become his concubine. Along the way, Shirayuki is bound to run into trouble once again, as she is sought by a mysterious boy named Kazuki, someone she has never met. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The legend of the Divine Gate is a story told to young children that depicts the merging of the living world, the heavens, and the underworld. "Adapters"—people born with unique elemental abilities gifted to them from the union of these worlds—formed the World Council, an organization which controls the chaos of the Gate by portraying its legend as nothing more than a myth. These Adapters train in a special academy owned by the World Council that allows the students to hone their skills. Aoto, a teenage boy with exceptional water powers and a tragic past, rejects the offer to join the academy numerous times—until he is successfully pressured by the energetic wind user Midori and stubborn fire user Akane. Together, with the World Council and their mysterious leader Arthur, they seek out the Gate in the hopes of uncovering the truth. But in order to reach their goals, they must unite and overcome their own despair while dealing with behind the scene mischief. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nijiiro Days follows the colorful lives and romantic relationships of four high school boys—Natsuki Hashiba, a dreamer with delusions of love; Tomoya Matsunaga, a narcissistic playboy who has multiple girlfriends; Keiichi Katakura, a kinky sadist who always carries a whip; and Tsuyoshi Naoe, an otaku who has a cosplaying girlfriend. When his girlfriend unceremoniously dumps him on Christmas Eve, Natsuki breaks down in tears in the middle of the street and is offered tissues by a girl in a Santa Claus suit. He instantly falls in love with this girl, Anna Kobayakawa, who fortunately attends the same school as him. Natsuki's pursuit of Anna should have been simple and uneventful; however, much to his dismay, his nosy friends constantly meddle in his relationship, as they strive to succeed in their own endeavors of love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Stride"—an extreme sport that combines parkour, free running, relay, and sprinting—is what made first year high school student Nana Sakurai enroll in Honan Academy, after being captivated by the school's stride team. Sharing the mutual intention of joining the team is fellow first year and stride maniac, Takeru Fujiwara, and together they request to join. Much to their dismay, however, the stride club is no longer active due to lack of members, and they are now operating under the shogi club. In order to revive the stride club, Nana and Takeru recruit first year Riku Yagami—a fast runner who is interested in almost every sport. With this new team, the club now aims high at a new goal: to win the prestigious End of Summer competition, and bring the Honan stride team back to their prime. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the invention of anti-gravitational shoes known as Grav-Shoes, the ability to fly freely has become an everyday experience for the people inhabiting a four-island archipelago south of Japan. This invention has brought the people new ways of living and also a new sport known as "Flying Circus," where participants gain points by either touching floating buoys or their opponent's back. The gullible and clumsy Asuka Kurashina, newly transferred to Kunahama High School, enters this world of flight unknowingly when she is able to pull off a difficult maneuver the first time she participates in a Flying Circus match. Eventually, this leads her to join her school’s Flying Circus club. Led by their coach, Masaya Hinata, their members consist of the experienced Misaki Tobisawa and her overprotective friend, Mashiro Arisaka. Ao no Kanata no Four Rhythm follows this rookie group soaring high above the skies and toward their dreams, armed only with their unwavering passion against an uncertain future. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
At first glance, Galko, Otako, and Ojou are three high school girls who seem like they wouldn’t have anything to do with each other. Galko is a social butterfly with a reputation for being a party animal, even though she is actually innocent and good-hearted despite her appearance. Otako is a plain-looking girl with a sarcastic personality and a rabid love of manga. And Ojou is a wealthy young lady with excellent social graces, though she can be a bit absent-minded at times. Despite their differences, the three are best friends, and together they love to talk about various myths and ask candid questions about the female body.  Oshiete! Galko-chan is a lighthearted and humorous look at three very different girls and their frank conversations about themselves and everyday life. No topic is too safe or too sensitive for them to joke about—even though every so often, Galko seems to get a bit embarrassed by their discussions! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shoujo-tachi wa Kouya wo Mezasu is a series all about finding oneself and a direction in life... no matter how far off the beaten path it might be.  Buntarou Hojo is a high school student who has a talent for writing, but no real direction in life or any plans for the future. His classmate, Sayuki Kuroda notices his talent, decides to help him find a way to use it properly by enlisting him in her bishoujo game development group. When Buntarou is cornered in the men's bathroom at school by Sayuki, he is surprised when he is asked out on what he thinks is a date, and even further surprised when he finds out that it's not a date, but a job interview. Reluctantly agreeing, the two start recruiting other members for their team but will they learn more about game creation, or life itself along the way?
The year is 1983. The Cold War is in full effect, and humanity is under attack. Strange aliens, given the name "BETA," have descended to Earth with the goal of destroying all life. Soldiers have been tasked with piloting large combat suits called Tactical Surface Fighters (TSF) to repel the alien invaders, but the front line is slowly being pushed back towards the surviving cities. Schwarzesmarken follows the story of Second Lieutenant Theodor Eberbach and the other members of the 666th TSF squadron, a ruthless unit that values a mission's completion over human life. Stationed in East Germany and led by war hero Captain Irisdina Bernhard, the unit specializes in counterassault attacks on laser-class BETA. But the 666th squadron finds itself with more enemies than just the alien forces when optimistic rookie Katia Waldheim joins the squadron, drawing the attention of East Germany's secret police, the Stasi. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the year L.C. 922, mankind faces an unprecedented crisis. Following the conclusion of a hundred-year war on the mythical world of Tetraheaven, the losing Majins sought a safe haven and invaded the human world Septpia. The government is forced to fight by employing Logicalists belonging to ALCA, a special police that protects the streets from foreigners of another world. Logicalists are given a special power that allows them to enter a trance with Goddesses from the other world. One day, Yoshichika Tsurugi, a civilian who is lacking "Logic" and lives peacefully with his family, meets the beautiful goddess Athena while helping people escape from a Majin attack. She wields the "Logic" that Yoshichika should have lost. This leads Yoshichika to an unexpected destiny with Athena. The future of the world depends on the "Luck" and "Logic" and these Logicalists. (Source: MAL News)
For the longest time, it's just been the two of them. "Kanojo" and her cat Daru are inseparable, having grown up together. Now a junior in college, Tomoka—her roommate of a year and a half—moves out of their shared apartment, and in order to keep her living space, Kanojo must find a job. Day by day, Daru watches her continued efforts from a cat's-eye view, eagerly awaiting his owner's return. When she gets back, once again, it's just she and her cat. Kanojo to Kanojo no Neko: Everything Flows is a charming short series about the bond between a pet and his owner. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Chika Homura begins her high school career with a goal: to develop a "cute girl" persona. After quitting the volleyball team despite her all-star status, Chika decides to join her school's underrated Wind Instrument Club and play the flute, believing it to be the most delicate and feminine instrument. For the first time in nine years, Chika reunites with her childhood friend and total opposite, Haruta Kamijou. Unfortunately for Chika, Haruta is not fooled by her efforts to become more endearing. But this does not deter Chika, and she develops a crush on the band instructor, Shinjirou Kusakabe—but so does Haruta! However, Chika's high school life just won't go according to plan, as mysteries begin appearing around her and her friends. The club members must work together to solve the mysteries plaguing the school, all while trying to find more members to compete in musical competitions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Away from home for 10 years, Azuma Kazuki had no idea what was awaiting him upon his return. He certainly did not expect to be attacked by dozens of heavily armed people and taken as their prisoner. Fortunately, Azuma's stay in captivity is short. Wielding a strange sentient weapon—known as "Bubuki"—upon her right arm, his childhood friend, Kogane Asabuki, rescues him. After escaping, Azuma learns that he too has the power to control Bubuki. Together with his new companions, he must revive the Buranki titan named Oubu, that sleeps somewhere deep underground. With this knowledge and purpose, a new path to unearth the truths behind the Buranki opens before Azuma. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Long ago in the nine provinces of Kyushu, a calamitous event was prophesied to take place: falling comets would exhaust the spiritual energies of both the heavens and the lands and thus bring about an age of chaos upon the world. But contrary to the prophecy, the comets passed by with no calamity taking place. At the same time, as if touched by the phenomenon, a boy was born in a remote village of the Sokei region by the name of Ouriku. Twelve years later, as the memories of the event have faded from people's minds, the Reikenzan clan—one of the five supreme sects of the nine provinces—decides to hold an examination in order to gather the most talented individuals fit to become disciples and eventually sages. Hearing about this news, Ouriku and his servant Ouchou head toward the site, unaware that the organizer Oubu, despite her elegant appearance, is infamous for being extremely irresponsible and carefree; hence, making the trials in the examination unpredictable. Reikenzan: Hoshikuzu-tachi no Utage follows the story of Ouriku as he journeys through these trials to become a powerful sage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a futuristic era, "The World" is a peace-bringing entity. Though no one knows its location, it has watched over Earth for so long that war has become merely a fable. The airship Norn's task is to deliver nine ability users to The World. After collecting the last person, Norn takes off. Included onboard are eight men and three women—Koharu, who has finally escaped her loneliness and detests her destructive power; Mikoto Kuga, born to a noble family, who uses her barrier skill to protect the Norn and those it carries; and Nanami Shiranui, whose ability only brings pain, and who wishes to die for a past sin she has committed. While en route, suspicions arise amongst the passengers when they realize there are too many people onboard. As they try to determine who has snuck aboard, the ship is attacked by an unknown assailant aiming to stop the Norn's progress at all costs. From this chaos arises questions: why were they granted powers, and what must they do once they reach The World? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a futuristic, post-disaster Tokyo, the "Special Public Security Fifth Division Third Mobile Assault Eighth Unit," or "Unit Eight," is a police unit specializing in handling criminals who wield dangerous wearable technology called "Willwear." Equipped with Willwear of their own, the squadron is often criticized by the public for their carelessness and disregard for protocol. Sent in by the government as an undercover agent with special instructions from the higher-ups, Asami Kazari is Unit Eight's newest member. Determined to straighten out what she expects to be a group of incompetent fools, she instead finds a team of well-intentioned experts who use very effective—albeit unorthodox—methods, hindered by strict regulations. With their newest member by their side, Unit Eight fights crime and overcomes unexpected adversaries in Active Raid: Kidou Kyoushuushitsu Dai Hachi Gakari. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the year 2027, the video game Phantasy Star Online 2 is all the rage at Seiga Academy. Every student is on board the fad—except for Itsuki Tachibana, a well-rounded student who doesn't play video games. Due to its popularity, the game is currently under review at Seiga Academy to see if it has a negative impact on the students. Consequently, this causes Itsuki to catch the attention of Rina Izumi, the perfectionist student council president who aims to prove that the game is not to blame.  To accomplish her objective, Rina recruits Itsuki as the student council vice president and tasks him with learning to play the game while keeping his grades up. Now obliged to report his daily findings of the game to Rina and analyze its merits, Itsuki carries the fate of Phantasy Star Online 2 in his hands. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Habahiro Hige is a simple-minded older man who works an office job and is an enthusiast of Tabekko Marshmallows. His days often consist of being teased by his 24-year-old colleague Iori Wakabayashi, who uses his obsession to her advantage: from eating them in front of his face, to buying out his favorite brand from the convenience store, and even embarrassing him in front of their boss. Although her friends cannot fathom what she sees in him, she just cannot get over his marshmallow-like, fluffy frame. No matter the lengths it takes, Iori will find a way to get his attention. Little does Habahiro know that she is trying to seduce him into a romantic relationship with her. The way to a man's heart is through his stomach, right? At least this is what Iori would honestly like to believe. With a bag in hand, Iori continues to make him chase after her day after day, hoping that he will finally see through her attempts. Will he ever realize that their relationship can become s'more? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As luck would have it, on her first day at Holbein Entertainment Co., Miki Ishimoto is tasked with managing a brand new idol group! A recent college graduate, Ishimoto is eager to begin her career in the industry. However, her department's responsibility is...statues?! The statues in question are the Sekkou Boys, or "The Rockies," a boy band comprised of four Greco-Roman sculptures: St. George, Mars, Hermes, and Medici. These four busts are new to the entertainment scene, and it is up to Miki to ensure the Rockies' prosperity in the idol world. But will they be a stone-cold success? Or will Miki's management prove to be a rocky start to stardom? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Onboard a cruise ship heading to the scenic Cenancle Island, the full-body cyborg Nene Nanakorobi, a bubbly young girl who dreams of world peace, meets inventor Uzal Delilah. The two become fast friends along with Uzal's pet cyborg Clarion, a cat-like combat android. Soon after parting ways, a terrorist attack on the island threatens to shatter the pair's new friendship. In a bid to save her new friend, Uzal gives Nene the ability to use the Pandora Device found in Clarion's body before seemingly dying. With this power, Nene can temporarily master abilities and skills never seen before in the advancing world. Working together, the two unlikely companions go on various missions—from saving children in shopping mall fires to fighting reckless thieves—all in the name of world peace. But to achieve this goal is not easy. B.U.E.R, a sentient laser in the form of a misshapen teddy bear, threatens to wreck their happy lives with his perverted nature and uncontrollable power. And to make matters worse, Nene's guardian, as well as genius inventor, Takumi Korobase has an undying interest in B.U.E.R. Burdened with saving the world and keeping B.U.E.R from the hands of evil, Nene and Clarion's desire for world peace seems like a pipe dream. With this monumental goal, could the weight of it all destroy the pair's friendship completely?  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Maeda has just moved into his new apartment to live by himself. While unpacking, a cute middle school student named Chie Satonaka suddenly appears in his room. She introduces herself as his new landlord, which pleasantly surprises him as he has never seen a landlord so young. His excitement is boosted further when the gorgeous Reiko Shirai, who lives directly next to him, also introduces herself as his new neighbor. Ooyasan wa Shishunki! follows the everyday lives of Maeda and his newfound acquaintances, where each day presents itself as an opportunity for new events to unfold and new bonds to be forged. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A young boy silently sketches out the forms of the horrors that dwell in his mind. During this adventure into the occult and mysterious, he tells tales that involve dreams of a person with a muscular arm that you must not look at, a hospital with a room that holds a grim secret, and a visit to an eerily silent taxidermy museum. These tales and more are compiled in Yami Shibai 3. Presented in an art style similar to kamishibai storytelling, this horror series stays true to the gruesome and creepy trend that is prominent in Yami Shibai and Yami Shibai 2nd Season. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuzuka Hanami is a young, carefree girl who lives the most ordinary life imaginable. Although her father works around the clock and her mother is rarely home, she still enjoys herself and strives to be an excellent student. Miton, on the other hand, is an alien life-form with the ability to transform his master into a magical girl, a warrior who fights evil wherever it may appear. However, there are not as many enemies as there used to be, so Miton has been out of work for a while. Starving and homeless, he has taken up residence in a pile of garbage. As Yuzuka walks past him one day, Miton seizes the opportunity to offer his services to the young girl. Yuzuka reluctantly agrees, but when she transforms into a magical girl and discovers that her outfit is a swimsuit, she begins to have second thoughts about what she has gotten herself into! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Chiharu Kashima, captain of the Wizard Bureau's Crisis Countermeasures Division, is among a handful of people who can use magic. While frequenting his favorite bar, he is approached by a friendly man named Toyohi Utsumi. Having always dreamt of being a wizard, Toyohi is enthralled by the idea of meeting one. Much to the young Captain's surprise, Toyohi confesses that he has fallen in love with Kashima. While little time as passed, the two begin to spend more time together. Not all is well, however, as Kashima fears that magic is all that he has and Toyohi is only in love with Kashima the Wizard. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Honda, Kawasaki, and Suzuki all comprise the elite ninth unit of the Sushi Police—a task force with the sole objective of sniffing out restaurants serving illicit or non-traditional sushi and eradicating them, no matter how insignificant their offense may be. The Sushi Police travel freely around the world in pursuit of these vile criminals day or night, with their strong sense of justice and the World Food-Culture Conservation Organization backing them. No offenders of Japan's traditional cuisine can escape their wrath! During one of their purification missions, the Sushi Police encounter Sara—a hot, young, television reporter out to expose them and the World Food-Culture Conservation Organization for corruption. They interrogate her, but her wiles, skills, and charms allow her to easily escape from their grasp, setting off a chain of events that will lead to the true purpose of the Sushi Police being revealed. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seventh season of the Teekyuu series.
The new "slapstick" story will depict Komugi-chan and her rivals as they juggle their daily lives as students, idols, and magical girls "with laughter and tears." Komugi Yoshida is a somewhat clumsy second-year middle-school student whose strong point is her spiritedness. She performs as an idol like Kokona Saionji (her classmate and close friend) and Tsubasa Kisaragi (an idol who dresses in male clothing). However, unlike Kokona whose popularity is skyrocketing and Tsubasa with her charisma in male attire, Komugi's only gigs are low-end ones like those at the local shopping district. Still, Komugi has her "dream" as she lives her dual lives as a idol and a middle school girl. One day, a mysterious injured creature named Usa-P appears before Komugi. Komugi gives Usa-P medical treatment, and Usa-P, in consideration of Komugi's kindness, asks if she wants to be a Legendary Girl who can use magical powers. Having become a reluctant Legendary Girl, Komugi battles strange masked figures who suddenly appear! As a newly deemed Magical Nurse, she fights still more waves of masked figures. Meanwhile, a Magical Maid, a Magical Sister, and more also appear to make it a three-way battle!? Can Komugi handle the three roles of middle school girl, idol, and Magical Nurse? And, what lies ahead in these battles and her "dream"...?! (Source: ANN)
Departures are moments that evoke both hope and melancholy. Tabi Machi Late Show examines how these ambivalent emotions continue to persist long beyond that singular moment of parting. Azuma reminisces about her mentor as she sees off her own student; Kumeno recalls her short, turbulent friendship with Koizumi; Yukari meets an old friend during the Lantern Festival; and Sakurada fondly remembers the numerous students she has met during her teaching career. Structured around a theme of goodbyes and journeys, Tabi Machi Late Show is composed of four intimate, slice-of-life vignettes that wistfully examine the lasting impressions people leave on one another. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Mirai is a 13-year-old girl who lives in the human world. One day she witnesses a mysterious object fall from the sky into the park. Excitedly, she brings her stuffed bear Mofurun with her to see what it was. When she gets there she sees a girl named Riko flying on a broom. Riko is of the same age and from the magical world. Mirai has a lot of questions, and Riko explains that she's searching for a jewel with strong powers called "Link Stone Emerald." Then Batti, an ally of the dark magic users Dokurokushi, appears before them and demands that Riko hand over the "Link Stone Emerald," which Riko herself had been looking for. To make things worse, Batti uses dark magic to create a monster known as a Yokubaru! Mirai and Riko join hands and with the magic words "Cure-up Rapapa!" they transform into the legendary Pretty Cure. 
The comedy shorts follow four girls who are members of the Luck Logic Club, whose activity is playing the Luck & Logic card game. Watashitachi, Luck Logic-bu! will air approximately one minute before each episode of the main series. (Source: MAL News)
Fourth season of the Ketsuekigata-kun! series.
"Fairilu" are fairies of flowers, insects, mermaids, or other entities that are born from "Farilu Seeds." All Fairilu are born with their own key, and they must search to find and open the door that fits only their key. Once the Fairilu pass through the doors, they mature. The doors are also related to the human world. (Source: ANN)
Anime adaptation of pachinko and slot machine parlor Island's "Aira Project" commercials. It follows three mascot characters: Aira, Hana, and Shima.
It's the first day of the new school year. 5th grader Ari and her best friends Suha and Min have started an after school activity called the Problem Solving Club. However, no one seems to have any problems that need to be solved. Disappointed Ari ends up discovering an unconscious hamster on the road. Amazingly...the hamster begins to speak. "I must find the magic ring..." (Source: Official Youtube Channel of Flowering Heart)
Two girls, based on the real-life models Mim and Mam, received a strange creature that is 70% rabbit and 30% bear.
Korean Animation about the monsters Eerie, Rock-G, Popo, and Yossi and the adventures they go on each day!
The anime centers around the daily life of two twin bear sisters: the orange-colored Lulu and the yellow-colored Lolo. The two take on new jobs and, despite the occasional failure and tears, give their best efforts.  (Source: ANN)
Ehime Prefecture's mascot Bary-san travels to different Japanese prefectures. The short skits are meant to feature something local.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gray Fullbuster's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers. More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following their participation at the Inter-High, the Karasuno High School volleyball team attempts to refocus their efforts, aiming to conquer the Spring tournament instead.  When they receive an invitation from long-standing rival Nekoma High, Karasuno agrees to take part in a large training camp alongside many notable volleyball teams in Tokyo and even some national level players. By playing with some of the toughest teams in Japan, they hope not only to sharpen their skills, but also come up with new attacks that would strengthen them. Moreover, Hinata and Kageyama attempt to devise a more powerful weapon, one that could possibly break the sturdiest of blocks.  Facing what may be their last chance at victory before the senior players graduate, the members of Karasuno's volleyball team must learn to settle their differences and train harder than ever if they hope to overcome formidable opponents old and new—including their archrival Aoba Jousai and its world-class setter Tooru Oikawa. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 2071. Humanity has been pushed to the brink of extinction following the emergence of man-eating monsters called "Aragami" that boast an immunity to conventional weaponry. They ravaged the land, consuming almost everything in their path and leaving nothing in their wake. To combat them, an organization named Fenrir was formed as a last-ditch effort to save humanity through the use of "God Eaters"—special humans infused with Oracle cells, allowing them to wield the God Arc, the only known weapon capable of killing an Aragami. One such God Eater is Lenka Utsugi, a New-Type whose God Arc takes the form of both blade and gun. Now, as one of Fenrir's greatest weapons, Lenka must master his God Arc if he is to fulfill his desire of wiping out the Aragami once and for all. The monsters continue to be born en masse while the remnants of humanity struggle to survive the night. Only God Eaters stand between the Aragami and complete and total annihilation of the human race. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko? Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team. Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama's third season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet. Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Over three hundred years have passed since the Calamity War, the great conflict between Earth and its outer space colonies. Now Earth is ruled over by four economic blocs, and the military organization Gjallarhorn is responsible for keeping the peace. Mars, on the other hand, depends heavily on Earth's economy. Horrified by the appalling living conditions that Mars' inhabitants have to bear, Kudelia Aina Bernstein, a young aristocrat from the Chryse Autonomous Region, gets involved in the Red Planet's independence movement. She hires the services of a local company, Chryse Guard Security (CGS), to escort her on the journey to Earth to negotiate economic conditions with the earthly bloc that controls the region. The Third Army Division—consisting of Mikazuki Augus, Orga Itsuka, and many other child soldiers—are chosen to protect her. When Gjallarhorn attacks the CGS facilities to assassinate the young revolutionary threatening their interests, Orga and his comrades must not let the attackers accomplish their goal—in fact, Gjallarhorn's actions might turn out to be the unintentional catalyst that leads the children to be the forgers of their own destiny. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The majority of the Matsuno household is comprised of six identical siblings: self-centered leader Osomatsu, manly Karamatsu, voice of reason Choromatsu, cynical Ichimatsu, hyperactive Juushimatsu, and lovable Todomatsu. Despite each one of them being over the age of 20, they are incredibly lazy and have absolutely no motivation to get a job, choosing to live as NEETs instead. In the rare occurrence that they try to look for employment and are somehow able to land an interview, their unique personalities generally lead to their swift rejection. From trying to pick up girlfriends to finding the perfect job, the daily activities of the Matsuno brothers are never dull as they go on all sorts of crazy, and often downright bizarre, adventures. Though they desperately search for a way to improve their social standing, it won't be possible if they can't survive the various challenges that come with being sextuplets! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the distant future, the nature of war has changed. "Objects"—massive, spherical tanks impermeable to standard weaponry and armed with destructive firepower—rule the battlefield; their very deployment ensures victory, rendering traditional armies useless. However, this new method of warfare is about to be turned on its head. Qwenthur Barbotage, a student studying Object Design, and Havia Winchell, a radar analyst of noble birth, serve in the Legitimate Kingdom's 37th Mobile Maintenance Battalion, tasked with supporting the Baby Magnum, one of the nation's Objects. Unfortunately, a battle gone awry places the duo in a precarious situation: mere infantry stand face-to-face against the unfathomable might of an enemy Object. As they scramble to save themselves and their fellow soldiers, a glimmer of hope shines through, and the world's perception of Objects is changed forever. Heavy Object follows these two soldiers alongside Milinda Brantini, the Baby Magnum's pilot, and their commanding officer Frolaytia Capistrano as the unit treks all over the globe to fight battle after battle. Facing one impossible situation after another, they must summon all their wit and courage to overcome the insurmountable foes that are Objects. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Waking up cold and alone in the woods, a nameless man is surrounded by unfamiliar scenes. Without any memories, he is utterly lost until he stumbles upon Kuon—a young girl with animal ears and a tail. She saves him, leading him back to her town while protecting them both from "boro-gigiri"—giant centipede-like creatures—and a mysterious red slime. After they arrive, she names him Haku after a prominent historical figure from the area. He quickly realizes he is one of a kind—the only one without animal ears and a tail. The two journey to the capital of Yamato, the country in which Kuon lives, meeting more people and making new friends, all the while unknowingly delving deeper into the politics and inner conflicts of Yamato... Utawarerumono: Itsuwari no Kamen follows Haku as he slowly uncovers the secrets of this alien world. He works to solve the mysteries surrounding the red slimes, as well as to stop war from erupting among the nearby countries. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After the National Tournament, the Seidou High baseball team moves forward with uncertainty as the Fall season quickly approaches. In an attempt to build a stronger team centered around their new captain, fresh faces join the starting roster for the very first time. Previous losses weigh heavily on the minds of the veteran players as they continue their rigorous training, preparing for what will inevitably be their toughest season yet.  Rivals both new and old stand in their path as Seidou once again climbs their way toward the top, one game at a time. Needed now more than ever before, Furuya and Eijun must be determined to pitch with all their skill and strength in order to lead their team to victory. And this time, one of these young pitchers may finally claim that coveted title: "The Ace of Seidou." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Lupin is the main character in this series which takes place in Italy and San Marino. Reflecting its setting, the anime debuted in Italy before it aired in Japan. Lupin III fans will note that the titular thief now dons a blue coat, following his earlier appearances in green (first series and some OVAs), red (the second series as well as most films and television specials) and pink (third series). (Source: Crunchyroll)
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have. Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them? Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Monsters known as "Horrors" have invaded the world, entering through gates from the Makai Realm of Darkness. These corrupt, demonic creatures have the ability to seize human bodies and feed on their souls. Citizens who are out past sunset will likely never see the sun rise again, but those who live in the capital city have no need to worry—they are protected by a spiritual force field created by the sorcerer group Onmyouji. In possession of legendary armor, the Golden Knight Raikou proclaims that he will protect everyone from the Horrors. Accompanied by his attendant Kintoki and the mysterious Makai Alchemist Seimei, he strives to become a formidable Makai Knight, but Raikou is ill-prepared to handle the side effects of the armor. Disappointed by his own shortcomings, he sets out on a journey of self-discovery to master his weaknesses and prove his worth. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Three high school girls have mastered the art of cooking simple, B-class dishes called JK meshi. The three girls — Reina, Ryouka, and Ruriko — are all classmates in their second year of high school. They often get distracted when studying for tests, and when they do, they cook JK meshi. (Source: ANN)
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Hajime Kindaichi once again becomes embroiled in solving baffling cases and deciphering puzzling crimes that would confound the most seasoned of detectives. Whether it's a gruesome murder and shady circumstances surrounding the Japanese board game Go; a perplexing and macabre case involving a mysterious character, "Rosenkreutz," and blue roses; or blood curdling crimes associated with an urban legend at a winter ski resort – Hajime is out to crack them all! (Source: YTV)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Muco is the sweetest, most lovable dog in the neighborhood. This sparkly-nosed Shiba Inu lives with her owner and best friend, Komatsu, a glassblower who lives in the mountains. These two companions have wonderful adventures, from going on walks to playing in the pond in front of their house. No matter where they go or what they do, Muco will always love her best friend Komatsu! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The first half of the second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Hibiki Kazaguruma, a sixth grader, meets an amusing little robot named Bureikin while coming home from school one day. Bureikin, a dancer from an alternate-dimension dance world, challenged the dance king for the throne and lost. He has been deprived of Dance Stones (the stones of dance power) and sent to the human world. To restore his power, Bureikin must collect all the Dance Stones scattered around Earth. (Source: ANN)
While Tasuku is off training and getting rest in the world of the monsters, the Buddy Police sees the need to deputize some of the champions to help protect the Earth. Gao, Tetsuya, and Zanya Kisaragi are among those deputized, and it's just in time. A new enemy arrives, Ikazuchi, with the deadly 100 demons, all rogue monsters. Now the new trainees and the Great 8 monsters must fight to protect Earth from being consumed by these new rogues. (Source: ANN)
In the near future, a battle card game called "Battle Spirits" has gained enormous popularity. Players of the game—known as "Battlers"—start duelings everywhere using their color-coded cards with different attributes, creating a "Sengoku (Warring States) period" for the game. (Source: ANN)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life. (Source: AniDB)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The series of "warm and soothing" anime shorts will follow a cat who is suddenly resurrected from the grave and begins to wander around town. Despite being a zombie, the cat is able to get all the townsfolk to fall in love with it. (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
A next fierce fight is about to begin after Katta Kirifuda finally become the Duel Masters National Tournament champion. Japan's largest theme park, Duel Masters Land has appeared. With numerous fun attractions and events, Katta was also having fun. However, after meeting the mascot of the park, "Duemouse", Katta got involved in a ridiculous conspiracy of the park. A shadow that invades the Duel Masters World, which is the mysterious team of duelists! The mysterious identity of the legendary card is to be revealed. A new stage and revolution of Duel Masters befalls Katta! (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard.
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
Stars Ehime Prefecture's mascot Barysan.
A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
A comedic family of Americans experience life in Japan.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Nakagawa owns 10 cats in real life, and she adores one in particular named Mamitasu, the anime's namesake. The anime depicts the slapstick comedy of the idiosyncratic 10 cats and the folks in the unusual "Nakagawa family."  (Source: ANN)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
(No synopsis yet.)
A Korean/Japanese co-production created by Bakugan and Dragon Ball Super contributor Atsushi Maekawa. Turning Mecard stars Jason, a grade-schooler who meets a Mecanimal, a transforming minicar from the alternate world of Triforce, named Evan. Jason and Evan are both searching for missing family members, and team up to help each other. Together, they meet more Mecanimals as they battle across dimensions and learn important lessons along the way. (Source: Crunchyroll)
 This series of anime shorts, roughly five minutes in length, will focus on protagonist Shoutarou Kaneda's everyday life instead of focusing on battle scenes as previous Tetsujin 28 titles have done. The visuals of the title robot, its nemesis Black Ox, and other elements will have a pop-art style. (Source: ANN)
Sequel to the previous season of the flash anime series.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Japan has 47 prefectures and each one has a guardian spirit called a Dochamon. Dochamon Junior follows guardian spirits in training to one day take over the jobs of their elders. But these juniors have a lot of growing up to do before they graduate!
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Kotori are people who love singing and dancing. Protecting the island they reside on is a calm and anxious Melonia (Melon), a weak and lazy Chocola (Chocolate), a friendly Berrina (Berry) who is fashionable as heck. 
Follows a dog and his friends who wear balloons and explore a kingdom in the clouds.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
Everyday objects come to life.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Super Wings follows the adventures of an adorable jet plane named Jett who travels around the world delivering packages to children. On every delivery, Jett encounters new problems that he must solve with the help of his friends the "Super Wings": Dizzy, Jerome and Donnie. Together, the team explores different countries and learns the diversity of new cultures. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
In each episode, Koyomi is presented with a mystery posed by one of the female characters from the story, which he then investigates on his own or helps them solve.
Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Lucis, Noctis Lucis Caelum, sets out on a journey to Caem. His purpose is to meet with Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, an oracle and Noctis' childhood friend, in order to marry her. A strong and silent type, Noctis is accompanied by his friends and Royal Guard Gladiolus, Prompto, and Ignis. The four young men set out on a road trip across the continent in the king's personal convertible, the Regalia. Along the journey, each of them experience various situations which allow them to reflect on their past together, and strengthen their bonds for the future. A prequel to the 2016 video game Final Fantasy XV, Brotherhood: Final Fantasy XV explores the relationships of its four main protagonists and the challenges awaiting them. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After taking one hundred secret photos and observing him from afar for months, second-year high schooler Yuki Kurihara has finally mustered up the courage to ask out her first-year crush Shinya "Momo" Momotsuki. Although taken by surprise, the bashful Momo accepts; however, he does not know the profoundly abnormal truth. As her strait-laced friend, Norika Mizuyama, has observed, Yuki has developed some unnerving—but nonetheless sincere—habits: taking pictures of Momo in secret, doing extensive research into his personal life, collecting his used straws, and even going "Momo watching." Though Momo remains blissfully unaware of his new girlfriend's peculiar habits, he does notice some oddities in their daily conversations. Still unsure and nervous about his first relationship, Momo finds himself regularly getting into awkward interactions due to his inexperience, but nevertheless resolves to make his new girlfriend happy. Momokuri follows Yuki and Momo as they shyly explore their newfound love, and also deal with the problems that arise from it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Cadis Etrama di Raizel wakes up from 820-years long sleep and starts a new life as a high school student. His peaceful days as a student are soon interrupted by a group of attackers known as the "Unions." Noblesse follows Raizel and his loyal servant, Frankenstein, as they constantly protect and save Raizel's new human friends from the mysterious threats. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Shorts of Ansatsu Kyoushitsu (TV) 2nd Season which adapt chapters of the manga which are not in the TV series.  The adapted chapters are 78 ("Takebayashi no Jikan") and 79 ("Shihaisha no Jikan, Ni Jikanme"), which are published in the ninth manga volume. 
A recap episode of Boku dake ga Inai Machi covering episodes 1 to 6. Also known as episode 6.5.
CG short specials of Flying Witch posted on the official YouTube channel of distributor VAP and later bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
Second season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.
A promotional video by Cygames for their newest game project. The concept of the game seems to involve a mash-up of an idol-raising simulator with a horse-racing mechanic, except the idols and horses in question are moe, anthropomorphic horse girls. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A short commercial featuring Makoto Yuuki, the protagonist of the Persona 3 film series, wearing a set of Sony headphones and using a Walkman.
The country of Khura'in doesn't have attorneys. Instead, the outcome of trials are decided by the oracles. Meanwhile, in Japan, Naruhodo Ryuichi receives a disturbing call from his old friend, Mayoi Ayasato, who is currently training in Kurain.
Lion Games' Korean online role-playing game Soul Worker is inspiring an anime that will be streamed online. The publisher NHN PlayArt made the announcement at a press conference marking the completion of the game. The press conference showed an animatic preview and the storyboards for the anime. (Source: ANN, edited)
The shorts are part of McDonald's new "Crew ni Narou. Campaign" (Join the Crew. Campaign) to attract part-time restaraunt staff members. (Source: ANN)
A collaboration between One Piece Film: Gold and TOHO Cinemas. It features the One Piece cast in a manga sakuga style batting around ball which then becomes gold colored with the cast gaining their colored anime film's design too. The golden ball then turns into the TOHO Cinemas logo as Luffy holds it out to the viewer. Eiichiro Oda himself supervised the collaboration to give the most manga-art accurate imagery possible.
A short animation by Nagao Takena made in MMD.
Studio Colorido has created a short, animated commercial for the GungHo Online Entertainment's popular mobile game, Puzzles & Dragons. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Studio Ghibli animated Choujuu-Jinbutsu-Giga Emaki, the famous Japanese "Scrolls of Cartoons of Birds, Animals, and People" or "Choujuu Giga" for short, for a Marubeni Power commercial. The "Encounter" commercial promotes Plan G, a new electric power option that Marubeni Power is offering to homes as Japan deregulates its power industry. The plan derives its name from both "Ghibli" and "green." It promises to support the national trust for "Totoro's Forest," provide power for the Ghibli Museum, and promote conservation in general.  (Source: ANN)
Qin Lie have to guard Tang Siqi, regardless of the differences between them, and Liang Shanyan, while the strange powers coursing through his veins are beginning to slowly awaken. When Qin Lie vows to protect the instrument of sovereign, at the same time, seven Evil Clan's Lords are appearing on the field. While the most powerful secret weapon is emerging from the altar, the enemy intend to seize Qin Lie's life...
Serves as an "episode 0" to the July 2016 television series. It introduces the characters and concept of the show.
The story takes place in a certain ordinary town where it is natural for everyone to wear an animal costume head. It depicts the everyday life of the main character MILPOM and her friends who live there, filled with the essence of Kawaii and a little bit cynical girls. (Source: Crunchyroll)
An animated commercial produced by studio NAZ to advertise Match Shoujo's manga series of the same name.
(No synopsis yet.)
Facing the threat of the Qin State, danger seems to lurk within the Han State, which is known as the weakest out of the Seven States. Unknown to the Han Emperor, that very threat is the Great General of Han, Ji Wuye. Working under the Great General are the Four Fearful Warriors of Nightfall. Each four specialized in military, finance, politics, and espionage. In hopes of creating a new Han State, Quicksand was formed by Han Fei, the ninth prince of the Han. With Wei Zhuang, Zhang Liang, Zinü, and Nong Yu, they support the Prince in realizing the goal of Quicksand while being drawn into a whirlpool of power named “world”. (Source: wikipedia)
A musical anime promoting motivation for LGBT teens. The focus of the short is on a young man and his struggling affection towards his male classmates.
In the year 2200, a new Cold War between two forces is set to end with a peace treaty. However, one side is hiding a dark secret, which results in numerous tragedies in the following months. In the wake of a crisis, a paramilitary team is founded to steal information at the center of the conflict.
A highschool girl encounters a rabbit like creature who sends her back in time. 
A short animation created to celebrate Kyoto Animation reaching 50,000 Twitter followers.
The scutes glisten in the corner of her mind and she starts to dig her memories up. What was like the museum director she encountered when she was lost?
Second season of Yong Zhe Da Mao Xian. Scattered throughout the world is proof of an advanced prehistoric civilization. There exist those who desperately want to learn more about these ancient people. The series follows people who set out on an adventure to uncover the truth.
Gainax's Fukushima-based animation studio is working on a project for Fukushima Prefecture which will highlight the area's recovery efforts since the 2011 Touhoku earthquake and tsunami and the disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Mardock and his friend Chewy traverse the universe and solve problems from planet to planet. 
New Oniku Daisuki! Zeushi-kun episode.
A promotional video for the Miyagi Cooperative delivery service.
A Takaharu Shimizu original work about different hours of the day and what you do during them.
The project is inspired by "weak robot", it is a project to produce 10 stories to think about the "friendly relations" between the robot and the human. Recruiting from 1 to 10 pieces of comics/short stories with an original robot focus, two of the best works would receive an animated short. (Source: Official Vimeo channel)
The OVA featured the previously unanimated "Mad Wax" arc from the manga. Bundled with a limited edition of the manga's 20th volume.
A scan of Jump SQ's September issue, to be released on August 4, revealed that the fifteenth volume of To LOVE-Ru Darkness will bundle a new OVA, which will be released on January 4. Consisting of two episodes, the OVA will run for a total of 25 minutes. One episode, titled Ghost Story Kowai no wa Ikaga (How about something scary?), will adapt a side-story from volume nine. The second episode, titled Clinic Sunao ni Narenakute (Without becoming obedient), will adapt chapter 38. (Source: MAL News)
Bundled with the 21st volume of the Nisekoi manga.
An OVA that will be bundled with the seventh volume of the Shinmai Maou no Testament manga, to be released January 2016. 
Bundled with the limited edition 15th volume of the manga. Chapters adapted 1. Volume 10, Chapter 41: Shirayuki to Zen, Hajimete no Joukamachi Date (白雪とゼン、はじめての城下町デート) 2. Volume 7, Special Chapter: Raji Ouji Youshou no Migiri (ラジ王子幼少のみぎり) 3. Volume 11, Special Chapter: Hajimari no Zen & Mitsuhide & Kiki (始まりのゼン＆ミツヒデ＆木々)
Bundled with the limited edition ninth manga volume.
Unaired episode bundled with the ninth light novel volume of Kuusen Madoushi Kouhosei no Kyoukan.
Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01. Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News)
(No synopsis yet.)
Reika Shichijo was a student at the top of her class, until one day she suddenly became a dropout. Now she is responsible for her classmate Niimi-kun's sexual pleasure to help him "study" better. In this world "Dropouts", those who have failed to be admitted into university, are forcefully made to work. Especially beautiful students are obligated to pursue sexual labour AKA become sexual servants to the rest of society. Reika becomes the sex slave of one of her former classmates, Niimi-kun. She is now tasked with relieving his sexual tension, so he can study better. During their time in school Niimi-kun will have to adapt to his senpai becoming his new "study" partner, find out why and how she became a dropout and deal with the jealousy of his peers, especially Reika's ex-boyfriend, Shiroshima.
In the story, the protagonist Youtarou Misaki finds himself lying on the beach one day. He is picked up by Arashi, who manages a restaurant called Kurage no Shokudou. When asked who he is, the protagonist tells a lie that he lost his memory—but he remembers everything, including the fact that his twin brother died. (Source: ANN)
Buntarou doesn't know what he wants to do in the future. He does not have any kind of dream that he wants to pursue, so currently he just spends his days hanging around with his friends. One day, his classmate Sayuki asks him if he wants to help with development of a gal game. She says that she had become interested in his help after she read one his works intended for the drama club. Buntarou doesn't know anything about gal games, but Sayuki claims that she has the ability to make it a success. Can they make the game and will it be a success like she claims it will be? This is the story of youths taking a daring step into the unknown... (Source: Otaku Lair)
It's only the end of November and the hot springs town Yomase-machi was already a winter wonderland, having been dyed white from the falling snow. Yuuki moved to this snowy town to help his grandparents shovel snow at their home, the former boarding house Yamanouchi-sou. He met many warm-hearted people, including the shrine maiden Sayuki who worries about her inability to properly greet strangers, his mysterious but playful housemate and senpai Mizuki, and the local café's cheerful and energetic kouhai mascot Koharu. Even though he was still feeling lost, he tried to get used to living in this snowy land. During that time, his grandfather suggested that he find love while he is still young and lead a new life in earnest. Now's the time for him to take the first step and fall in love. (Source: VNDB)
The story takes place after the wandering warrior Leina's championship has ended. The royal court's magician Alicia uses black magic and opens a doorway to another dimension. From that door, a rabbit lures Alicia into another dimension called Melfairland. Melfairland is holding a tournament of its own to award out a Queen's Blade, and Alicia enters the tournament in order to find a way to return to her own world. (Source: ANN)
Bundled with the 7th and 9th volumes of the Bakuon!! manga.
Spring has come to Tokyo once again, except this year you're now living alone after your parents had to leave due to work. You're renting a room at an apartment run by your aunt, who bluntly asks you, "Could it be that you're not interested in girls...?" Well, of course you are! It's just that you haven't had much luck finding someone. "Your youth is now. Go and find your love or you will regret it later." With just that little push, you feel a little confident that it's your time to fall in love. Yes, your love will begin to bloom now... (Source: VNDB)
Based on the erotic game by Blue Gale Light.
A new OVA for the idol girls series Futsuu no Joshikousei ga [Locodol] Yatte Mita. has been announced on the anime’s official Twitter. The news was first given at the 2nd Early Summer Nagarekawa Festival which took place at the Differ Ariake Arena in Tokyo today, and consisted of live events including the main cast of the anime. (Source: MAL News)
Based on the adult manga by Kou Okada.
Based on the erotic game by Dwarfsoft.
Genjo Sanzo is on a journey, he has to travel to India to retrieve the holy sutras. Along the way, he happens to free Goku, a sex-addicted monkey sealed by Buddha. Together they travel to the west.  Based on "Journey to the West".  (Source: MU)
It's Halloween, and America decides to invite all the other countries to his party. Since there is a costume contest, the countries show up in a wide array of outfits, although it quickly becomes clear that some among them may have taken the competition a bit too seriously. But soon, the guests begin to wonder why America hasn't shown off his own costume. What could be the reason? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Morishita Wataru grew up on a motherless family, but despite his lonely environment, he worked hard and managed to enroll on the prestigious Ousei academy. The school is run by an old scholarship rule, in which the students' grades are tied to the teacher's evaluation, so the teachers inevitably give the students a strict education. Morishita has good grades, but on a class where everyone is an excellent student, his grades where below the average. Her homeroom teacher Tsukishima Kyoko was particularly strict on him, and not only about his grades, but even on his daily life. Morishita was very stressed between the difficult studies and the harsh teaching, but he had someone to help him, she was the assistant homeroom teacher of his class Shirakawa Miwa, a kind, maternal woman who understood Moshita's circumstances and was always on his mind. However, she suddenly announced her marriage, and Morishita who lost his friend and only moral support fell into despair. Naturally he could not concentrate on his studies and ended up getting the lowest score on the scholarship test, ending up going to special classes after school. His stress was bigger than ever, now that her admired Miwa was going to be another's man woman and his grades are the lowest. At that moment, his smartphone started to vibrate, checking it out of curiosity, there was an app he had never seen called "Hypnosis app"... (Source: VNDB)
Based on the erotic manga by Yoshiron. 
Riko and Mizuho's antics aren't over yet......!! Riko: "I want to be the top of the tops! Watch me become idol queen!" Mizuho: "It's a true privilege to work hard bringing pleasure to all my beloved fans." Two glimmering pop tarts with wangs in their ever-wet panties go further every day to meet the skyrocketing demands of their fans...
Based on the erotic manga by Shiomaneki. 
Based on erotic manga by Yabitsu Hiro. A dude has recently moved into an apartment complex with his pregnant wife, when he accidentally stumbles upon an orgy going on in one of the rooms. He decides to get in on the action since his wife ain't been fucking him lately. He fucks one of his teenage neighbors to get things started, and ends up fucking his landlady for good measure. (Source: Hentai Haven)
Based on the erotic novel by Wakatsuki Hikaru and Hima. A girl of royal blood wants to sneak out of a dangerous town before she gets killed. The only problem is, she doesn't have enough cash to fund an escape or to hire a bodyguard. There’s only one possible way out of this - become a prostitute. (Source: HentaiHaven)
During Koyomi Araragi's second year at Naoetsu Private High School, he has a chance encounter with Tsubasa Hanekawa, the top honor student in his class. When they strike up a conversation, Hanekawa mentions a shocking rumor: a vampire with beautiful blonde hair and freezing cold eyes has been seen lurking around town. Happy to have made a new friend, Araragi writes off the rumor and goes about the rest of his evening in a carefree manner. However, on his way home, he stumbles across splatters of blood leading down the stairs to the subway. His curiosity pushes him to investigate further, so he follows the gruesome pools into the depths of the station.  When he arrives at the source of the blood, he is terrified by what he sees—the rumored blonde vampire herself, completely dismembered. After she calls for his help, Araragi must make a decision, one which carries the potential to change his life forever. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rihito Sajou is an honor student who got perfect scores in every subject on his high school entrance exam. Hikaru Kusakabe plays guitar in his band that performs at live events and is popular among the girls. These boys would have never crossed paths. But one day Hikaru offers to help Rihito prepare for their upcoming chorus festival and the two begin to talk. As the two meet after school, they feel one another's sound, listen to each other's voice, and begin to harmonize as their hearts beat together. It starts out slow but soon their feelings for one another grow and in just one moment they both realize that it is love. Hikaru's emotions are frivolous, pure, and direct causing Rihito to hesitate at first, but he gradually opens his heart. The boys are learning about each other as they also learn about themselves and support one another during this difficult time typical to youth. As the time to start thinking about their futures approaches, what do these young men find as they try to move forward... (Source: Aniplex USA)
Time has passed since Alphamon appeared, and restoration work has moved ahead little by little in the town of Odaiba. "I had decided once I got back to Japan, I'd be sure to take a dip in a big bath!" shouts Mimi. Because of that and a desire to make their new members Meiko Mochizuki and Meicoomon feel welcome, the DigiDestined go to a nearby hot springs theme park. Everyone has a good time, but Joe doesn't show up. Joe feels caught between the imminent reality of college entrance exams, and his responsibilities as a DigiDestined. "Why do we have to do this again?" Just then, another infected Digimon appears in Odaiba. It's that proud virus type, Ogremon... As a TV station helicopter relays a broadcast of his rampage, Mimi and Palmon spring into action. "We'll show people that there are good Digimon, too!" Mimi and Palmon ignore Koushirou's attempts to hold them back, however, and their battle brings about unforeseen consequences... Joe and Mimi each have their own troubles. Then on the day of Tsukishima General High School's festival, that man appears before them... The adventure now evolves once again... (Source: Official website)
The Ark Fleet has been destroyed, and a significant number of the enemy's troops have been wiped out due to its crash landing. As the remaining forces of the Knights of St. Michael regroup in order to launch a final assault on Castle Weisswolf, the W-0, along with their new ally Ashley Ashra, stand ready to intercept them. Meanwhile, with his Geass out of control, Shin moves to erase his younger brother's existence once and for all. But Akito, having promised Leila that he will come back alive, refuses to accept such a fate, and the two clash in their final battle. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"The time of destruction is coming ever closer without a doubt. It cannot be stopped." To know death, to gaze at death, to face death. Makoto and his allies have grown through the many meetings and partings they have experienced. Their fight might not be for the sake of the world, but for themselves. Even so, they have continued to fight, believing that there are peaceful days waiting at the end of the battle. However, a boy says that destruction is the fate that humanity must shoulder. The boy they believed to be their friend tells them the truth of the situation without an emotion on his face. The season changes to winter. Makoto makes a decision in order to greet the spring that is waiting beyond... (Source: ANN)
A floating space without gravity where an infinite number of lights shine in different colors: The "Box of Wisdom." Inside of this box, there are multiple worlds, multiple timelines, and there used to be many different people. This is where Dual and Dorothy were fighting with enemies called "Viruses." Worlds infected by viruses must be erased. That is the duty, the job of these girls. However, one day, Dual and Dorothy feel the presence of a new Virus. Arriving at the scene, they see a girl being attacked by Viruses. After saving the girl, the duo wait for her to awaken so they can ask who she is, where she came from, and where she is going. Finally, when the girl opened her eyes, she gave her name, Rimo, and whispered only one sentence... "I must return to the flower patch..." (Source: ANN)
This movie is a retelling/summary of Selector Infected and Spread, with extra scenes interspersed such as the characters in childhood. Despite mostly being previously used scenes, they were cut and altered to make a high intensity and fast paced story, highlighting the moments of slow silence and reflection. Some changes were made such as the true origin of Tama's name, the significance of Sachi and Rumi, and the relationship between your name and being alone. (Source: Asenshi)
The third and final movie in a trilogy.
The unit Over The Rainbow succeeds in its debut. Aiming to become like the boy band, more students enroll in Edel Rose. Hiro and the others begin practice for the Prism King Cup, an event that is held once every four years. However, a rival called "Schwarz Rose" appears... Who will become the Prism King, the one who can make girls' hearts throb the most!? (Source: ANN)
A recap film with some new scenes. The Sky Pirate Fam and Millia (the princess who Fam rescued as her Turan Kingdom faced devastation) wage a battle against the Ades Federation that reduced Turan to ashes, and aim to establish a revived Turan Kingdom. (Source: ANN)
The four members of Milky Holmes are going on a study tour. While soaking in the hot springs among snow monkeys, alarms interrupt the relaxing environment! It was the work of the Thief Empire. A fierce battle between Milky Holmes and the Thief Empire begins, with both sides using their Toys (special powers). Furthermore, with the arrival of the Genius 4, a three-way fight occurs! In the midst of battle, a violent lightning strikes from the sky. Struck by the lightning, the four Milky Holmes girls lose their abilities.
A girl moves from the city and goes to school in the country due to some circumstances in her father's job. Her new schoolmates keep her at a distance. There is a boy she'd like to get to know better, but she worries about how he might treat her and doesn't try to get closer. She begins to hate life in the countryside and longs to return to the city, but she ends up meeting a real god of wind. (Source: MAL News)
Mirai and Rico come to the human world to play, but are separated when the witch Sorciere and her servant Torauuma suddenly appear. Their aim is to acquire the tears of the 44 Precure girls, using them for her "Most Evil Magic." Only the friendship of all 44 Precure girls will allow them to protect the world. (Source: ANN)
Aiko lives in a shrine with a sliding door that mysteriously is only half painted and thought during her childhood that she wanted to paint it. But the 17-year old Aiko now has no dreams about the future. Suddenly, a strange man appears before her. Aiko's grandfather and the shrine's chief priest offers the man to stay in the shrine, but Aiko isn't having any of it. But he realizes the kindness of the brusque young man and slowly comes to like him. What is his true identity? (Source: MAL News)
Both shorts will be set in Saga prefecture, and will highlight the prefecture's culture.  "Yakusoku no Utsuwa - Arita no Hatsukoi" will be set in the town of Arita, and will be a youth story highlighting the scenery of Arita. "Fuyu no Chikai, Natsu no Matsuri - Takeoshi no Dai-Kusunoki" is set in the city of Takeoshi, and will center on two characters, a boy and a girl, who grow up watched over by a large camphor tree that endures the time and seasons. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon and friends run away from their home and travel back in time to the 70,000 years ago where nobody existed to build their ideal private paradise. After they fully relished the freedom in the era, Doraemon and friends bid farewell to their paradise and come back to the present day. However, a few days after they came back home, Doraemon and friends bump into a caveman called "Kukul" in the current era. They find out that the caveman Kukul was accidentally transported forward to the present, and that his tribe called Hikari tribe was attacked and abducted by Giga Zombie and Kurayami tribe after Doraemon and friends left the primitive age. Doraemon and friends decide to go back to the primitive age to save Hikari tribe from the villain. They dive into a grand adventure during their first and the furthest runaway. (Source: Toho)
Hundreds of years after the 20th century, nature and the ecosystem have been devastated due to use of nuclear and biological weapons. Most of the Earth has been contaminated and is collapsing into ruin, and a great majority of plants and animals are now extinct. The world heads to the "Big Six," the sixth mass extinction event. Humanity built cities in the sky, migrating the endangered species of animals and plants there. Over many years, the animals evolved in these isolated cities. With artificial genetic crossbreeding, they acquire language, bipedality, and build a life and civilization for themselves free from want. No one thinks of the world below any longer. One day, a single plant seed wanders into one of the sky cities, and the children Kui, Hiruma, and Root discover it. Unable to resist the temptation to look into the world outside, they decide to undertake an adventure to the outside world, unknowing that once they set foot on the ground, they will never be able to return. (Source: MAL News)
Falulu is far away in the heart of the PriPara world in Puransu. The sparkle is disappearing from the idol sacred ground PriPara, and Falulu sends an SOS message to Laala and her friends. If the sparkle doesn't return, the PriPara world itself will disappear. Laala and her friends try to help Falulu, and they work together to save the PriPara world. (Source: ANN)
Sinbad and his friends run afoul of a storm while riding on the ship Bahal. Ali sights an island, which the ship heads toward to make repairs. Sinbad and Sana board a dinghy and land on the island. Sana sees a vision of a magical lamp, and Sinbad and the others set out to find it. (Source: ANN)
Third-grader Himeno moves to a huge mansion in the country. However, she soon finds out it's a ninja house! The ninjas Akamaki, Aomaki, and Kiiromaki mistake Himeno for a princess and begin solving problems for her with their own unique skills. But that is not the full extent of their powers! When Aomaki and Kiiromaki combine, they form Midorimaki. Similarly, when Akamaki and Aomaki combine, they form Murasakimaki; and when Akamaki and Kiiromaki combine, they form Daidaimaki. Life with these colorful ninjas has only begun when they discover a large tornado heading for the mansion. What will happen to Himeno's family? Can the colorful ninjas protect Himeno? (Source: MAL News)
There's a crisis in the Chinese Spirit World -- humans don't believe in gods anymore! A Door God, facing unemployment, ventures into the human world to prove his worth, leading to unexpected encounters and transformations for humans and spirits alike.  (Source: IMDb)
Chieri is a 6th grade elementary school girl. Her father died when she was little, so she lives with just her mother. The only friend of Chieri had been a stuffed doll Cherry which she found on a storehouse at the time of her father's funeral. In Chieri's world of fantasy, Cherry had talked and played with, and adviced and protected her in place of her father. Chieri visits her grandmother's house for a first time in a while to attend her father's remembrance ceremony. There, she finds a stray dog being about to give birth to puppies. But a crow and strange monster come trying to get the pups. Can Chieri and Cherry save their lives? (Source: Tokyo International Film Festival)
After Katta drops his curry bread into the creature world, his hamster Hamukatsu goes on an adventure to retrieve it. (Source: ANN)
A collaboration promoting the Rudolf to Ippaiattena film, wherein the movie's two main characters encounter the Toho logo and Godzilla. It was aired in Toho theaters across Japan.
Based on a children's picture book written by Genki Kawamura (川村元気) and illustrated by Yuuki Mashiko (益子悠紀). 
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
For centuries, the Crystal Frog has protected the Frog Kingdom with its magic. When One-Eye plots to steal the artifact and rule the land, the Frog King asks Freddy and the Frog Princess to undertake a bold journey through forest, desert, river rapids, and icy caverns. But as the protectors arrive, it becomes clear that One-Eye may have led them into a trap. (Source: Redbox)
A story of friends old and new, of being lost but most importantly being found; The Big Top Secret follows Briar as he is whisked away from the home he knows and plunged head first into the ranks of a traveling circus. The struggling circus, led by Hugo the Gorilla, is on its last leg and in desperate need of a boost. Frustrated with his brother, Bramble, and the rest of his forest friends, Briar finds a new and welcoming home among Wolfgang’s Big Top. Briar brings life back to the circus and quickly finds happiness in his new life filled with new friends and fame. While rising to the top has its benefits, it also comes with a price. After searching high and low, Bramble and his forest friends are thrilled to have found their lost Briar, but Briar is not so sure that he wants to be found. He doesn’t want to leave his perfect new life at the big top but even the most perfect-seeming things have dark sides. Through trials and chases and trains, all of the animals learn what it is to belong and the true meaning of family. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
It all starts when Duri lost his favorite sport car “Ace”. As Duri accidentally drops Ace on the road while he’s running, Rubby found Ace on the road while he was cleaning the street. Rubby thought it was garbage, so threw Ace away on the garbage dumb. So as Hana, Duri and Tayo rushed and went to find Ace, he was already taken away to the Land of Toys! Toy Land is where old and abandoned toys come to live together without humans! (Only lucky toys though!) Will Duri be able to find Ace and bring him back? It will be a fun but a long adventure, so come with us! (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man.
Takehito Kumagami's clairvoyance leads his group of friends to another child with supernatural powers: Iori Sekiguchi, a mind reader. However, as they try to approach her, they realize her power makes her nearly impossible to pin down. Having been chosen by the club to handle this case, Nao Tomori and Yuu Otosaka must find a way to get around the child's unique ability before it is too late. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
(No synopsis yet.)
Extra episodes of To LOVE-Ru Darkness 2nd bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume.
Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.  "Rias and Akeno's Womanly Battle!?" - Rias and Akeno compete to see whose sexy roleplay has greater appeal for Issei. (3:18) "The Church Trio's Underwear, Amen!" - Irina, Xenovia, and Asia compare their "battle underwear". (3:11) "koneko's Healing Sage Arts, Meow" - Koneko has a healing technique, but does Issei have the wrong idea? (3:44) "Levia and So" - Tsubaki can't decide between two magical girl costumes and convinces a reluctant Sona to try one one. (3:29) "Steamy Grayfia" - Grayfia isn't quite herself when she and Issei accidentally encounter each other in the bath. (3:24) "Rossweisse's True Teaching Story" - When Rossweisse helps Issei study for a test, it proves difficult to avoid inappropriately distracting him. (3:07)
Episode 2.5 of the series, will expand on the ending of episode 2 where the boys try to speak on the girls bathing. Included in the 1st volume of the Blu-ray/DVD releases. 
In spite of the mayhem that has been taking place in Ikebukuro, Shinra Kishitani and Celty Sturluson have decided to go on a short trip. Excited to finally be going out with the one he loves, the underground doctor makes it his priority to give Celty his undivided attention, even if it means rejecting phone calls from his good friend Izaya Orihara. However, despite his hopes of having a peaceful holiday, Ikebukuro's various residents continue trying to reach him. Furthermore, just as Shinra begins to enjoy reminiscing about old memories on a carriage ride together with his beloved, Celty starts to notice a strange presence... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
New Aria work produced for the "Ao no Curtain Call" project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series.
Kujou-san no Do-S Soudanshitsu Anime-ban short anime specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Ore ga Ojousama Gakkou ni "Shomin Sample" Toshite Gets♥Sareta Ken.
The 1st BD & DVD volume of Osomatsu-san will have a new episode, replacing episode 1 of the original series.
Short specials included in the Blu-ray releases of Dimension W.
Comedy specials bundled with DVD of the Okusama ga Seitokaichou! OVA.
The unaired 26th episode bundled with the ninth Blu-ray and DVD volume of The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls. 
Shorts included in the Osomatsu-san BD & DVD releases.
Hina Satou is a 13-year-old who loves figure skating and lives in a port town in Miyagi Prefecture. After losing her mother in the 2011 earthquake, she and her father are currently living in temporary housing. With sad memories of the earthquake and memories of a gentle mother, the cheerful Hina continues to move toward her dreams. (Source: Fukushima Gainax)
An anime special shown prior to the μ's Final Love Live Live concert that took place in the Tokyo Dome on March 31st and April 1st 2016. In the episode, the members of μ's visit the school's new baby alpaca, and muse about their current selves.
Super deformed flash anime shorts. Half were streamed on Bandai’s official youtube page and half were bundled with the DVD/Blu-ray release of the main show.
A Collaboration Commercial for Glico's Watering KissMint chewing gum with characters from Love Live! School Idol Project.
Recap of episodes 1-9 of Norn9: Norn+Nonet.
Oda Nobunaga saves a girl from drowning one day. She clumsily tells him that she's a shinobi. Instead of attempting to kill him, she swears to serve him one day after hearing his plans to unify Japan. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Utawarerumono: Itsuwari no Kamen specials included with the volumes of the DVD/BD.
Special episode of Sore ga Seiyuu! bundled in BD & DVD Vol.7 
A collaboration video featuring the Sony Walkman and headphones.
The special's story centers on the kidnapping of Rebecca Rossellini, a beautiful business owner who is a featured character in the new Lupin III TV anime series that is currently airing. Upon hearing of her kidnapping, Lupin rushes to her rescue. Additionally, Lupin receives a written challenge from a mysterious person named "The Masked Count" suggesting a contest: who can obtain the "inheritance of Count Cagliostro" first. (Source: ANN)
A special short animation bundled with the third Rance 01 OVA volume, depicting explicit torture scenes.
Special episodes bundled with Blu-ray volume of Anitore! EX.
Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release.
(No synopsis yet.)
A heart-warming splatter comedy about a zombie in love! Zonmi-chan is a clumsy, careless, but cute girl. Sometimes she takes a bite out of the guy she likes. Oh, that's right, Zonmi-chan is a zombie girl.  (Source: Neft Film)
Picture drama included in the bluray release of 0083.
The short begins when an Anaheim Electronics-manufacture Sinanju Stein unit, stolen and now affiliated with the Neo Zeon unit Sleeves, bursts through the Earth's stratosphere. The Unicorn takes off from the Nahel Argama and moves to intercept. While it engages with the Sinanju Stein, the Banshee Norn and Phenex are moving to assist. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Side story of Taimanin Yukikaze.
A Tokiwa Kitareri!! commercial produced by J.C. Staff that serves as a promotion for the manga.
 A short produced by the Kariya City Tourist Association of Aichi Prefecture to promote tourism. It tells the story of a high school ekiden (long-distance road relay running) club and its efforts to prepare for the ward tournament. Since the story takes place in Kariya, viewers will get an idea of the city through the backgrounds. (Source: ANN)
New Year Special.
A collaboration special between Nintama Rantarou and the documentary show Cosmic Front Next.
A commercial made to advertise the grand opening of the Tokyu Plaza Ginza, a giant indoor shopping mall with restaurants, cafes, boutiques, furiniture, and spas.
Special episode bundled with the Blu-ray release of Gra-P & Rodeo.
