The appearance of "quirks," newly discovered super powers, has been steadily increasing over the years, with 80 percent of humanity possessing various abilities from manipulation of elements to shapeshifting. This leaves the remainder of the world completely powerless, and Izuku Midoriya is one such individual. Since he was a child, the ambitious middle schooler has wanted nothing more than to be a hero. Izuku's unfair fate leaves him admiring heroes and taking notes on them whenever he can. But it seems that his persistence has borne some fruit: Izuku meets the number one hero and his personal idol, All Might. All Might's quirk is a unique ability that can be inherited, and he has chosen Izuku to be his successor! Enduring many months of grueling training, Izuku enrolls in UA High, a prestigious high school famous for its excellent hero training program, and this year's freshmen look especially promising. With his bizarre but talented classmates and the looming threat of a villainous organization, Izuku will soon learn what it really means to be a hero. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When Subaru Natsuki leaves the convenience store, the last thing he expects is to be wrenched from his everyday life and dropped into a fantasy world. Things aren't looking good for the bewildered teenager; however, not long after his arrival, he is attacked by some thugs. Armed with only a bag of groceries and a now useless cell phone, he is quickly beaten to a pulp. Fortunately, a mysterious beauty named Satella, in hot pursuit after the one who stole her insignia, happens upon Subaru and saves him. In order to thank the honest and kindhearted girl, Subaru offers to help in her search, and later that night, he even finds the whereabouts of that which she seeks. But unbeknownst to them, a much darker force stalks the pair from the shadows, and just minutes after locating the insignia, Subaru and Satella are brutally murdered. However, Subaru immediately reawakens to a familiar scene—confronted by the same group of thugs, meeting Satella all over again—the enigma deepens as history inexplicably repeats itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The world is in the midst of the industrial revolution when horrific creatures emerge from a mysterious virus, ripping through the flesh of humans to sate their never-ending appetite. The only way to kill these beings, known as "Kabane," is by destroying their steel-coated hearts. However, if bitten by one of these monsters, the victim is doomed to a fate worse than death, as the fallen rise once more to join the ranks of their fellow undead. Only the most fortified of civilizations have survived this turmoil, as is the case with the island of Hinomoto, where mankind has created a massive wall to protect themselves from the endless hordes of Kabane. The only way into these giant fortresses is via heavily-armored trains, which are serviced and built by young men such as Ikoma. Having created a deadly weapon that he believes will easily pierce through the hearts of Kabane, Ikoma eagerly awaits the day when he will be able to fight using his new invention. Little does he know, however, that his chance will come much sooner than he expected... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For weeks, Atsushi Nakajima's orphanage has been plagued by a mystical tiger that only he seems to be aware of. Suspected to be behind the strange incidents, the 18-year-old is abruptly kicked out of the orphanage and left hungry, homeless, and wandering through the city. While starving on a riverbank, Atsushi saves a rather eccentric man named Osamu Dazai from drowning. Whimsical suicide enthusiast and supernatural detective, Dazai has been investigating the same tiger that has been terrorizing the boy. Together with Dazai's partner Doppo Kunikida, they solve the mystery, but its resolution leaves Atsushi in a tight spot. As various odd events take place, Atsushi is coerced into joining their firm of supernatural investigators, taking on unusual cases the police cannot handle, alongside his numerous enigmatic co-workers. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Katsuhira Agata is a quiet and reserved teenage boy whose sense of pain has all but vanished. His friend, Chidori Takashiro, can only faintly remember the days before Katsuhira had undergone this profound change. Now, his muffled and complacent demeanor make Katsuhira a constant target for bullies, who exploit him for egregious sums of money. But their fists only just manage to make him blink, as even emotions are far from his grasp. However, one day Katsuhira, Chidori, and four other teenagers are abducted and forced to join the Kizuna System as official "Kiznaivers." Those taking part are connected through pain: if one member is injured, the others will feel an equal amount of agony. These individuals must become the lab rats and scapegoats of an incomplete system designed with world peace in mind. With their fates literally intertwined, the Kiznaivers must expose their true selves to each other, or risk failing much more than just the Kizuna System. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sophisticated, suave, sublime; all words which describe the exceedingly handsome and patently perfect Sakamoto. Though it is only his first day in high school, his attractiveness, intelligence, and charm already has the girls swooning and the guys fuming with jealousy. No one seems able to derail him, as all attempts at tripping him up are quickly foiled. His sangfroid is indomitable, his wits peerless. Will any of Sakamoto's classmates, or even teachers, be able to reach his level of excellence? Probably not, but they just might learn a thing or two trying... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After mustering up the courage to propose to a girl in an online game, naïve otaku Hideki "Rusian" Nishimura is devastated when she flat out rejects him. To make matters worse, the girl reveals that she is actually an older man in real life. With his dreams crushed and his heart broken, Rusian comes to an abrupt decision in the midst of his raging fit: he will never trust another girl in an online game again. Years later, Rusian is now in a guild with three other players, one of whom possesses a female avatar by the name of "Ako." Ako is deeply in love with Rusian and wants to marry him. Although he entertains the possibility that she might be a guy, Rusian accepts her proposal, claiming that her gender doesn't matter as long as she is cute in the game. However, after a discussion between guild members that led to all of them having an offline meeting, Rusian finds out that Ako, along with the other members, are not just girls, but also his schoolmates. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 1999. Morioh, a normally quiet and peaceful town, has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation. Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Magano, a parallel realm filled with monsters known as "Kegare," is a place where exorcists deal with all impurities. Benio Adashino is a prodigy exorcist who is recognized for her strength and is summoned to Tokyo by the Exorcist Union. On her way, she plummets into the arms of Rokuro Enmadou, a young exorcist with a troubled past. But the impurities of Magano do not rest. When these two exorcists witness a couple of children stolen by a Kegare, Benio rushes to save them, dragging Rokuro along with her into Magano. Engaged in a fight she is on the verge of being defeated in, Benio is saved by Rokuro, revealing himself capable of being her rival in talent. Sousei no Onmyouji tells the story of two talented exorcists who are destined to become the "Twin Star Exorcists" and the prophesised parents of the Miko—the reincarnation of Abe no Seimei—who will cleanse the world of all impurities. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gakusen Toshi Asterisk 2nd Season continues the story of Genestella students Ayato Amagiri and Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld, who have progressed to the next round of the Phoenix Festa after a long and strenuous battle with sisters Irene and Priscilla Urzaiz. Despite Julis and Ayato's best attempts, the fact that Ayato's powers have been sealed is no longer a secret. Now at a major disadvantage, the duo must come up with a plan if they are to have any hope of winning the Phoenix Festa. Only one thing is for sure: the troubles heading their way are only going to get more insurmountable from here on. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For high school student Tanaka, the act of being listless is a way of life. Known for his inattentiveness and ability to fall asleep anywhere, Tanaka prays that each day will be as uneventful as the last, seeking to preserve his lazy lifestyle however he can by avoiding situations that require him to exert himself. Along with his dependable friend Oota who helps him with tasks he is unable to accomplish, the lethargic teenager constantly deals with events that prevent him from experiencing the quiet and peaceful days he longs for. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the small, impoverished Tison Village of the Parthevia Empire, a boy, Sinbad, is born to the jaded ex-soldier Badr and his kind-hearted wife Esra. His birth creates a radiant surge throughout the rukh, a declaration of a singularity to those who stand at the pinnacle of magical might: the "Child of Destiny" is here. Despite his country being plagued by economic instability and the repercussions of war, Sinbad leads a cheerful life—until a stranger's arrival shatters his peaceful world, and tragedy soon befalls him. Years later, mysterious edifices called "dungeons" have been erected all over the world. Rumored to contain great power and treasures, these dungeons piqued the interest of adventurers and armies alike; though to this day, none have returned therefrom. Sinbad, now 14, has grown into a charming and talented young boy. Inspired by the shocking events of his childhood and by his father's words, he yearns to begin exploring the world beyond his village. As though orchestrated by fate, Sinbad meets an enigmatic traveler named Yunan. Stirred by Sinbad's story and ambitions, Yunan directs him to a dungeon which he claims holds the power Sinbad needs to achieve his goals—the "power of a king." Magi: Sinbad no Bouken tells the epic saga of Sinbad's early life as he travels the world, honing his skill and influence, while gathering allies and power to become the High King of the Seven Seas. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When an extraterrestrial organism known as "Savage" attacks mankind, the only technology capable of combating the enemy is a weapon known as “Hundred.” A survivor of a Savage attack, Hayato Kisaragi is a teenager boasting the highest compatibility level with the aforementioned technology and as a result, is invited to master his skills at Little Garden, a prestigious military academy aboard a battleship. Over the course of his intense training for the battle ahead, he immediately attracts the interest of multiple female peers and gets drawn into a number of incidents as he tries to fight against the creatures that now inhabit Earth and threaten its safety. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the witches' tradition, when a practitioner turns 15, they must become independent and leave their home to study witchcraft. Makoto Kowata is one such apprentice witch who leaves her parents' home in Yokohama in pursuit of knowledge and training. Along with her companion Chito, a black cat familiar, they embark on a journey to Aomori, a region favored by witches due to its abundance of nature and affinity with magic. They begin their new life by living with Makoto's second cousins, Kei Kuramoto and his little sister Chinatsu. While Makoto may seem to be attending high school like any other teenager, her whimsical and eccentric involvement with witchcraft sets her apart from others her age. From her encounter with an anthropomorphic dog fortune teller to the peculiar magic training she receives from her older sister Akane, Makoto's peaceful everyday life is filled with the idiosyncrasies of witchcraft that she shares with her friends and family.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A bus full of eccentric individuals is headed towards the urban legend known as Nanaki Village, a place where one can supposedly start over and live a perfect life. While many have different ideas of why the village cannot be found on any map, or why even the police cannot pinpoint its location, they each look forward to their new lives and just what awaits them once they reach their destination. After a few mishaps, they successfully arrive at Nanaki Village only to find it completely abandoned. Judging from the state of disrepair, it has been vacant for at least a year. However, secrets are soon revealed as some of the group begin to go missing while exploring the village and amidst the confusion, they find bloody claw marks in a forest. As mistrust and in-fighting break out, will they ever be able to figure out the truth behind this lost village? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With World War II right around the corner, intelligence on other countries' social and economic situation has become a valuable asset. As a result, Japan has established a new spy organization known as the "D Agency" to obtain this weapon. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Yuuki, eight agents have been assigned to infiltrate and observe some of the most powerful countries, reporting on any developments associated with the war. In order to carry out these dangerous tasks, these men have trained their bodies to survive in extreme conditions and studied numerous fields such as communications and languages. However, their greatest strength lies in their ability to manipulate people in order to obtain the information necessary to give their nation the upper hand. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ten years ago, a fairy by the name of Daisy appeared and asked the child Eiji Hoshimiya what his one and only wish was. Although his wish remains a mystery, the consequences were catastrophic. In an event called the "Great Destruction," the world started to fall apart as everything collapsed and countless people died. Now, Eiji is a high school student whose only concern is his sick sister. He does not remember what he wished for; all that he remembers is that his wish caused the Great Destruction. In the years since that event, thousands of other people have also received abilities to make their heart's desire come true. These people called "Orders" are believed to be evil and are hated by the general public. However, some of these Orders are after Eiji's life in vengeance for those that he killed. Will Eiji be able to survive the numerous assassination attempts? And the biggest mystery of all: what did he wish for, and what were his intentions in wishing for something that caused so much desolation? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Living an abnormal existence in Ogikubo, an intergalactic melting pot of humans and aliens as well as the only Space Immigration Zone on Earth, Luluco is a bubbly middle school girl who just wants to be normal. One morning, however, her father, who works at the Space Patrol, eats a volatile sleep capsule by mistake and is frozen solid! To make matters worse, Luluco accidentally breaks him, so she hurries off to his office for help. There, the chief of the Space Patrol, Over Justice, hires Luluco as a space temp worker for undercover investigations, so that the institution may crack down on crime within her school. Made to don the Space Patrol suit and sent on her way to mete out justice, Luluco attempts to maintain the image of a normal girl who does not stand out in any way. But she soon discovers that with the automatic systems and inherently zealous judiciousness of the Space Patrol suit, continuing to be normal will be more difficult than she thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
During the dawn of the 21st century, the United Nations Kurobe Research Institute was established in Japan to investigate an ancient artifact, which was discovered during the construction of the Kurobe Dam. Scientists from around the world have gathered in the facility to study the object, while their children enjoy their everyday lives attending Mt. Tate International Senior High School. Yukine Shirahane, a reserved high school girl, is the daughter of the facility's head scientist. While visiting her mother at the facility, Yukina manages to solve part of the artifact's puzzle. To her surprise, what appears before her is Kennosuke Tokisada Ouma, a young samurai from the Sengoku era. As a threat approaches from outer space, Yukina, along with Kennosuke, finds herself defending Earth against the invading forces. Along the way, she discovers the mystery behind Kennosuke and the reason he is determined to protect her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Since he was a child, Ryuuichi Naruhodou's dream was to become a defense attorney, protecting the innocent when no one else would. However, when the rookie lawyer finally takes on his first case under the guidance of his mentor Chihiro Ayasato, he realizes that the courtroom is a battlefield. In these fast paced trials, Ryuuichi is forced to think outside the box to uncover the truth of the crimes that have taken place in order to prove the innocence of his clients. Gyakuten Saiban: Sono "Shinjitsu", Igi Ari! follows Ryuuichi as he tackles cases to absolve the falsely accused of the charges they face. It will not be easy—standing in his path is the ruthless Reiji Mitsurugi, a prosecutor who will stop at nothing to hand out guilty verdicts. With his back against the wall, the defense attorney must carefully examine both evidence and witness testimony, sifting through lies to solve the mystery behind each case. With a shout of "objection!," the battle in the courtroom begins! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Continuation of Ushio to Tora TV series.
Maintaining a delicate balance of power, the kingdoms of Amoria, Ishilfen, and Vanrodis rule over the continent of Kuna'anh. Even the slightest hint of trouble in one country could spark a continent-wide war. However, their one common fear is the evil dragon Daganzord, whose only meaning of existence is to devour and destroy all life. Ten years ago, a group of mages worked together in an effort to seal away the malevolent beast. But the ritual—later known as the "Balbagoa Tragedy"—was a failure, and many lost their lives. Though his parents died in this tragedy, Hiiro was saved by the swordsman Giruu. Under the latter's tutelage, Hiiro learned swordsmanship with the sole purpose of seeking revenge. Now a budding master himself, he sets out in search of Daganzord in order to realize his long-awaited vengeance, or to be consumed by the dragon and meet the same fate as his parents. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Upon hearing news that his mother was on verge of death, Haru Kaidou—the eldest son of the family—flies all the way to Canada. The moment he arrives, he learns that not only did his mother fool him, but he is also supposed to take care of his adoptive brother, Ren Kaidou, an antisocial kid who feels more comfortable around dogs than people. Due to his new brother's distrustful nature, Haru initially has a hard time reaching out to Ren but their relationship eventually grows. He makes a promise to Ren: they will live together in Japan after Haru graduates from high school. However, due to an unfortunate accident, Haru loses all memories of the summer they spent together, including the promise he made. Five years later, expecting Haru to keep his promise, Ren arrives in Tokyo; but to Haru, Ren is just a random boy claiming to be his brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A hundred years after catastrophic shifts in tectonic plates caused most of its area to submerge, Japan now thrives as a maritime nation. High functioning cities line the coasts of Japan, and well developed sea routes are defended by specialized naval ships. The marine industry is flourishing, and young girls are eager to join the Blue Mermaids—highly skilled women who devote their lives to protecting the seas.  After some time apart, childhood friends Akeno Misaki and Moeka China are reunited at Yokosuka Girls' Marine High School. Here they are joined by others who share their dream of becoming Blue Mermaids. Soon, training exercises commence, with Akeno and Moeka being put in charge of their own ships and crew. Everything is progressing smoothly for Akeno as she settles into her role as captain and builds camaraderie between her fellow crew members aboard the Harekaze, a destroyer ship. However, unexpected engine and navigation failures soon leave their ship stranded and the crew in danger.  High School Fleet follows the Harakaze's valiant crew as they navigate treacherous waters and other obstacles on their quest to become fully fledged Blue Mermaids.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In Terra Formars Revenge, the crew members of the Annex I continue to fight against Terraformars—the large humanoid cockroaches that evolved from the ones sent to Mars centuries ago. However, far from discovering the cure for the lethal Alien Engine Virus that has been plaguing Earth, the Annex I team have learned that some squadrons have agendas from their own countries. Now, the squadrons must not only fight against the Terraformars for their survival, but also each other in the never-ending battle for international dominance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
What does a bear know about life in the big city? For Machi Amayadori's sake, hopefully a lot! The young shrine maiden has spent her whole life in the rural mountains with Natsu, her talking guardian bear. Now, at fourteen, she wants to take a chance and attend high school in the big city. Can Natsu really prepare her for city life? Or will his wacky trials be too much for even Machi to bear? (Source: FUNimation)
Tennomifune Academy is an elite institution for the best and the brightest, with the exception of Class 1-7, the so-called "Happiness Class." Each member of the classroom copes with personal misfortunes, and the special class is geared to help them move past their issues and find true happiness.  After being accepted into the academy, An Hanakoizumi, Ruri Hibarigaoka, and Botan Kumegawa find themselves placed into the Happiness Class, plagued by dreadful luck, love problems, and bad health respectively. Alongside their classmates, they do their best to overcome the difficulties they are faced with in pursuit of a life filled with joy. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shun Asanaga is a 15-year-old junior high school student with an optimistic and bright personality. One day, he finds a mysterious crystal in the office of his father, who is a scientist and businessman. When Shun touches it, the world becomes distorted, and he is sent into the world of Endra. Emilio, a prince of the kingdom of Endra, is nearing his 16th birthday and despises the reigning king, Delzain. Since Emilio is now at the age when he can inherit the throne, he takes up a weapon and attempts revenge. However, because Emilio is too weak, he is captured by Delzain and put in prison. When Emilio is in grief, the wall of his cell becomes distorted and Shun appears from there with two goals: return to his own world, and complete Emilio's revenge. What future lies ahead for the two boys trying to survive in Endra, yet raised in two different worlds? (Source: MAL News)
Eight years after the events of Macross F, a mysterious phenomenon known as the Var Syndrome is gradually consuming the galaxy. It's up to a new generation of highly capable Valkyrie pilots to deal with this universal menace. And if they didn't have enough on their plate already, the Aerial Knights Valkyrie fighter team from the Kingdom of Wind have come to challenge the Delta Squadron.
After the sudden death of his mother, elementary school student Chihiro Komiya is left with no home and no family. But this changes when he encounters a rich and frivolous stranger who turns out to be his long-lost uncle, Madoka Takatori. Madoka offers to take Chihiro in, but upon arriving at his uncle's high-class mansion, the young boy is greeted by a plethora of dust and garbage. As Chihiro's neatfreak instincts kick in, he sets about cleaning the entire residence. Shounen Maid is a lighthearted comedy that follows Chihiro as he finds himself dressed in a frilly uniform (handmade by his uncle), receiving a salary, and working as maid of the house. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Having gone from pampered to poor after the bankruptcy of her father's company, Youko Nishikawa struggles to drop her princess-like persona and make friends at her all-girls high school. One day, while eating alone in a nearby forest, she has a chance encounter with Futaba Odagiri, the super-energetic transfer student, and Teru Hayama, an innocent-looking girl with a surprisingly direct and sometimes mean personality. Despite their differing personalities, the three girls who all have the kanji for "leaf" in their name begin an unlikely friendship as they try to navigate through an amusing and spontaneous adventure known as high school life. Sansha Sanyou is a cheerful, cute series revolving around three close but very different friends as they try to balance the everyday challenges that school and adolescence have to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Every day Hane Sakura makes the arduous trip to school, cycling up a large hill on her bicycle. After encountering the motorcycle enthusiast Onsa Amano one morning, she is introduced to the motorcycle club, led by the ever-silent Raimu Kawasaki. New to motorcycles, Sakura experiences firsthand the difficulty of learning to ride again. However, through this, she hopes to once again recreate her first biking experience, which was filled with both horror and exhilaration. Alongside Baita, the talking motorcycle; Rin Suzunoki, a Suzuki model enthusiast; Hijiri Minowa, a wealthy girl who dreams of being a thug; and professional racer Chisame Nakano, Sakura strives toward getting her bike license and experiencing the joys and hardships of motorcycles. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on an illustration book by Naka Fukamachi. The anime offers heartwarming peeks at the lives of close couples and families. (Source: ANN)
Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Usagi Tsukino is still struggling to balance her home life with the duties of being Sailor Moon, the guardian of love and justice. Along with the other Sailor Guardians and her boyfriend Mamoru Chiba, they begin investigating cases of students from Mugen Academy, a school for the most elite students, who are being transformed into monsters. During the investigation, they meet three strange individuals: Haruka Tenou, a handsome racecar driver; Michiru Kaiou, a talented violinist; and Hotaru Tomoe, a mysterious girl with a weak constitution. As more incidents occur, the Sailor Guardians are met with another surprise—the appearance of two new planetary protectors with motives of their own. Despite the newcomers' questionable allegiance to Usagi and her comrades, they all face a threat from a common enemy: an evil entity who calls himself Pharaoh 90. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The adorable girls of Ousui Academy's student council love to spend time with their crush, Kouki Narumi. But what happens when he isn't around?  For the student council, consisting of otaku president Kaoruko Rokuonji; headstrong Ashe Rufflette Sakuragi; quiet computer programmer Toa Narumi; and Toa's best friend, the impish Mihiro Miyase, it means they will have to keep themselves entertained. Wagamama High Spec offers a glimpse into the girls' lives as they get into amusing—and sometimes risqué—hijinks at their school and around town. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Titans from outer space, life forms from a mystical world, phantoms and goblins from ancient times, cyborgs created by scientists, relics that rose out of the ruins of ancient civilizations. In another Japan, it's not just a question of "what if"—it's a reality. Some of the superhumans choose to keep their identities a secret, while others bask in their superhuman fame. Jiro Hitoyoshi, member of the Superhuman Bureau, keeps track of their doings. (Source: ANN)
High school student Sakura Mamiya and impoverished death god Rinne Rokudou continue to confront the supernatural. Pulled into the problems of their quirky acquaintances, the pair again find themselves immersed in trouble. Ageha's black cat Oboro seeks revenge for alleged mistreatment and demands Ageha to nullify their contract. When she refuses to do so, a bitter quarrel breaks out between them. Meanwhile, the scheming Damashigami Company shows no sign of halting its wrongdoings, and the bat-like demon Masato continues to commit devious acts to pursue his long-awaited revenge on Rinne. For Sakura and Rinne, these paranormal complications never seem to end. As their saga continues to unfold, they must cope with these unusual circumstances as they appear, all while facing problems of their own. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For the airheaded Minami Tani, there is nothing more delightful than delicious bread for breakfast. Bonding over a mutual love for the food, Minami meets the dignified Yuu Aizawa and the upbeat Fuyumi Fukagawa. Joining them is Noa Sakura, a pint-sized girl who sees bread as the ultimate weapon of self-defense. Together, the girls strengthen their bonds of friendship, while striving to sample every kind of bread this world has to offer.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ancient Japan is under attack by powerful beings called "Kamikui," and it is up to the "Oni" and his band of eight beautiful female warriors to stop them. Each of these girls have unique skills, abilities, and personalities. They partner themselves with the Oni, Jin, to stop the miasma of darkness sweeping across Japan. Onigiri follows the escapades of Jin and his merry companions as they strengthen their bonds and fend off the demonic invasion.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Reaching a period of life where they are neither a child nor an adult, 12-year-old Hanabi Ayase and Aoi Yui meet with life-changing events. Due to the mischievous demeanor of her male classmates, Ayase does not think highly of the opposite sex. However, her perspective begins to change after she is paired with the kind-hearted Takao Yuuto for a class assignment and unexpectedly shared their first kisses with each other on the school rooftop. With her best friend discovering love, Aoi yearns to seek her own. She finds herself falling in love with the rash Kazuma Hiyama after protecting her from a rejected suitor who had talked behind her back. 12-sai.: Chicchana Mune no Tokimeki follows the four in this phase of adolescence. As they grow up alongside each other, this sweet romance depicts the innocence and excitement of first love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
By the year 0096 of the Universal Century, a fragile peace emerges from the ashes of conflict. Sixteen-year-old student Banagher Links visits the Industrial 7 space colony on a school field trip, but because of a broken shuttle, he is left completely stranded.  To Banagher, who has always lived a normal life, war had always been a distant, almost mythical part of history; but within minutes, fantasy becomes reality when he rescues a girl named Audrey Burne, who urgently needs to meet with the leader of the nearby Vist Foundation, Cardeas Vist. She hopes to persuade him to withhold the "Laplace's Box," an object that holds the potential to destroy the world. History is set in motion as galactic forces converge on Industrial 7, each vying for possession of the Laplace's Box. As Neo Zeon remnants clash with Earth Federation Forces around the colony, Cardeas, in his final moments, gives Banagher the key to the Box, a mobile suit dubbed "The Unicorn Gundam." Packed with explosive action and rising tension, Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn RE:0096 follows Banagher as his conviction is tested and the destiny that has laid dormant for more than a century is finally realized. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After surviving the onslaught at Sarugaku headquarters, Sousuke Banba resumes his investigation of the Kagewani monster hybrids. Armed with the ability to harness the Kagewani's power, the researcher now has a means to eliminate the creatures. But despite the benefits of this skill, it has one major drawback: Sousuke now struggles to maintain his sanity, with the power threatening to consume his body. Soon, threats old and new begin to rear their heads, as the upper echelons of Sarugaku become active once again and an assassin with a personal vendetta sets her sights on Sousuke. Nevertheless, he resolutely forges ahead on his mission, determined to track down the origins of the Kagewani and eliminate their threat once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths. At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve. Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tonkatsu chef by day, professional DJ by night—this is the aspiration of Agetarou Katsumata, whose family owns a small tonkatsu shop in Shibuya.  One night, Agetarou delivers an order to a staff member at a nightclub and gets invited inside as a token of thanks. Although nervous at first, he soon finds himself absorbed by the atmosphere, falling in love with the dancing girls, flashing lights, and groovy music. Agetarou starts visiting the club regularly until a certain night leads him to a chance encounter with a legendary American DJ: Big Master Fly. Putting on a spectacular show, the DJ sparks an epiphany in Agetarou—the groove of mixing music appears to be strikingly similar to the rhythm of preparing tonkatsu. Thenceforth Agetarou sets his sights on becoming a master of both disciplines.  With the help of his neighborhood friends and his mentor DJ Oily, Agetarou pursues his dream all the while dealing with familial problems, love issues, and many other kinds of trouble. Tonkatsu DJ Agetarou is a hilarious tale about an impulsive young boy trying to find his own path in life, while still fulfilling his familial and social responsibilities.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the near future, massive hostile beings called "Fiarem" are waging war on Earth. To defend the world from this alien threat, Japan unleashes a special team known as "Ragna Strikers"—six young women wielding advanced weaponry and the ability to grow to gigantic sizes. Ragnastrike Angels follows Ayano Anemori and her friends as they live their daily lives and battle the violent Fiarem.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The girls of the Usakame High tennis club, Tanaka Kinako, Suzuki Ayako, Sato Kurumi, and Nishiarai-Taishi Nishi, pursue their various dreams... This high school comedy kind of thing starts now. Usakame, the official rival of the high intensity comedy Teekyuu, depicts the mostly ordinary but slightly strange daily lives of four girls who devote themselves to practice. All members of Earth Star Dream, an Earth Star Entertainment idol unit of nationally famous voice actors, appear in the show! Sit back, relax, and enjoy Teekyuu's rival Usakame.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Valt Aoi is a hot-blooded kid who loves to attack and wields a Beyblade named Valkyrie. His close friend Shuu Kurenai is an elite Blader who is a genius but still puts in a lot of effort, and wields the Beyblade named Spriggan. (Source: ANN) 
The series follows three girls aspiring to become idols while also working part time at a game center. Little do they know that, in reality, they are gathered by a mysterious organization to protect the Earth from a large meteorite. (Source: MAL News)
The second half of the second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Features the characters from the games in chibi form with a completely new story with the theme: "A normal everyday that might have existed."
Third season in the Kaitou Joker anime series. The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure. (Source: ANN)
Shounen Ashibe follows the daily life of first-grader Ashibe Ashiya and his spotted seal pet Goma-chan. (Source: MAL News)
Third season of Future Card Buddyfight.
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
The story imagines if Japanese historical figures such as Queen Himiko, the warlord Oda Nobunaga, and samurai Sakamoto Ryouma were cats. (Source: ANN)
Shunta Mogami loves the Battle Spirits game. One day he is transported by a light from a Battle Spirits card to Spirits World, the origin of all Battle Spirits. He meets a girl named Eto, who claims to have summoned him to Spirits World in order to prevent its destruction at the hands of the revived Evil God-King, who once plotted the destruction of Spirits World before being defeated and sealed away. Together with the confident, green-deck-wielding Yoku Albatrosa, who also came from another world, Shunta sets out to find the twelve God-Kings whose power originally sealed the Evil God-King. (Source: ANN)
It is the sequel of Versus Revolution, continuing the chain of events after the battle between the Invaders and Revolutionary. It is also the last season and conclusion of the Versus saga in the anime The 'V' mark that was once on Katta Kirifuda's forehead hides a mysterious force. However, the power was sealed off. Even though the impact of removing the seal does not do much, but Hamukatsu starts to talk! Plus more hamsters that are like Hamukatsu starts to appear! They were then told about a secret organization, the "Rare Killers", with the members being transfer students of the school! What is the mystery of the hamsters like Hamukatsu and who exactly are the Rare Killers? The final battle is about to start!  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
CoCO and her sister NiCO are under training to become graceful and elegant cat princesses. They are watched over and trained by the strict but caring Lady Oppenheimer. CoCO and NiCO keeps Lady Oppenheimer quite busy as they try their best to learn the ways of a princess, and have fun with a little mischief along the way. (Source: Japan International Broadcasting)
The story is set in a world where every event has been turned into programs, and mysterious monsters known as "Promin" maintain the world. However, many Promin who have turned into bugs known as "Bugmin" are responsible for many of the world's real-life bugs. Left alone, they may eventually turn into a big problem. The boy Yuuto encounters the space dog Wanda, and the pair use a camera-like device and key items to capture Bugmin. Promin themselves are able to do things like "accelerate objects," "spew fire," or "create objects," through an ability known as "Kamiwaza" (miracle), and are able to fend off Bugmin with it. At first, the Bugmin only cause small, bothersome things, but it will soon elevate into a global scale threat. Can one boy and one dog save the world? (Source: ANN)
Nameko Forest gathers nameko from all over the world. They form the Nameko Universal Ranger (NUR) to convey the charm of the forest. It's an everyday life of inviting new nameko with unique personalities to the forests. What incident will happen today?
The manga is set in Matsuyama City in the southwestern prefecture of Ehime on Shikoku Island during the Showa 40s era (1965-1975). The Onda family includes the big sister Sachiko who is a passionate fan of the idol Hiromi Dō, the little brother Takushi who is terrible at arithmetic, the father Yoshito who works at a factory and is a Yomiuri Giants baseball fan, the mother Natsuko who wants to build a house for the family, and the newest addition — a cat named Mii. (Source: ANN)
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
Sequel to Panpaka Pants O-New!. It follows a young underwear-wearing pig and his adventures.
The story features the Sabuibo Mask live-action film's main character, Sabuibo Mask, attempting to solve various problems in his rural town.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Fourth season of the Washimo series. 
(No synopsis yet.)
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
6.5-centimeter tall Degirdians fall to Earth in their spacecraft while chasing fugitives. Their spaceship transforms into a capsule toy stand near a toy store and a human boy accidentally takes home one of the aliens thinking it's a capsule toy. They befriend a human boy and try to figure out a way to get home all while fighting off the evil alien.
The sixth season of Pororo, many episodes take place in the Summer Islands.
The series is set in the near future, when an automobile company named JHC Motors is depicted to have created the Watch Cars, which are miniature sentient robotic cars that are supposed to have become good companions to children and adults alike. Watch Cars are depicted to have become a global trend. There is a Battle League where Watch Cars and their trainers battle. Jino, one of the young Watch Car Masters, goes to the Watch Car Battle League with his Watch Car Blue-will, but The Rangers of Darkness an evil force to takeover al the watch cars in The city, Jino and his friends must stop them.  (Source: Wiki)
Twin City, as legend has it, is an evil city which was born at the time when Crystal City was created. There is a mirror-like lake above the city which has a horrifying power. It enables people to face the darkest side deep within their hearts. This darkness manifests as the person's opposite. The heroes must send these malicious beings back to their realm before they tear Crystal City apart.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
The students return as school is back in session for the second semester. Following their exploits on the island during summer vacation, Class 3-E continues to sharpen their blades with their sights set on their teacher, the slippery Koro-sensei. They have more to worry about than just their teacher, however, as enemy assassins, both old and new, are out for the increased bounty on the octopus' head. Moreover, their rivals in Class A, as well as Kunugigaoka Junior High's fearsome principal, stand to block Class E from achieving academic excellence. With all of these obstacles opposing them, the group must continue to work together in order to overcome their foes and accomplish their goal of successfully assassinating their teacher. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nijiiro Days follows the colorful lives and romantic relationships of four high school boys—Natsuki Hashiba, a dreamer with delusions of love; Tomoya Matsunaga, a narcissistic playboy who has multiple girlfriends; Keiichi Katakura, a kinky sadist who always carries a whip; and Tsuyoshi Naoe, an otaku who has a cosplaying girlfriend. When his girlfriend unceremoniously dumps him on Christmas Eve, Natsuki breaks down in tears in the middle of the street and is offered tissues by a girl in a Santa Claus suit. He instantly falls in love with this girl, Anna Kobayakawa, who fortunately attends the same school as him. Natsuki's pursuit of Anna should have been simple and uneventful; however, much to his dismay, his nosy friends constantly meddle in his relationship, as they strive to succeed in their own endeavors of love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Mirai is a 13-year-old girl who lives in the human world. One day she witnesses a mysterious object fall from the sky into the park. Excitedly, she brings her stuffed bear Mofurun with her to see what it was. When she gets there she sees a girl named Riko flying on a broom. Riko is of the same age and from the magical world. Mirai has a lot of questions, and Riko explains that she's searching for a jewel with strong powers called "Link Stone Emerald." Then Batti, an ally of the dark magic users Dokurokushi, appears before them and demands that Riko hand over the "Link Stone Emerald," which Riko herself had been looking for. To make things worse, Batti uses dark magic to create a monster known as a Yokubaru! Mirai and Riko join hands and with the magic words "Cure-up Rapapa!" they transform into the legendary Pretty Cure. 
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
"Fairilu" are fairies of flowers, insects, mermaids, or other entities that are born from "Farilu Seeds." All Fairilu are born with their own key, and they must search to find and open the door that fits only their key. Once the Fairilu pass through the doors, they mature. The doors are also related to the human world. (Source: ANN)
Anime adaptation of pachinko and slot machine parlor Island's "Aira Project" commercials. It follows three mascot characters: Aira, Hana, and Shima.
The series of "warm and soothing" anime shorts will follow a cat who is suddenly resurrected from the grave and begins to wander around town. Despite being a zombie, the cat is able to get all the townsfolk to fall in love with it. (Source: ANN)
It's the first day of the new school year. 5th grader Ari and her best friends Suha and Min have started an after school activity called the Problem Solving Club. However, no one seems to have any problems that need to be solved. Disappointed Ari ends up discovering an unconscious hamster on the road. Amazingly...the hamster begins to speak. "I must find the magic ring..." (Source: Official Youtube Channel of Flowering Heart)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
Stars Ehime Prefecture's mascot Barysan.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
Korean Animation about the monsters Eerie, Rock-G, Popo, and Yossi and the adventures they go on each day!
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
When Nian Chi was a young child, his elder sister was kidnapped in front of him, while he could do nothing but watch, a thing that has tormented him for all these years. Now 10 years later, he's dead set on going to rescue his sister, and sets out.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Everyday objects come to life.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Lucis, Noctis Lucis Caelum, sets out on a journey to Caem. His purpose is to meet with Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, an oracle and Noctis' childhood friend, in order to marry her. A strong and silent type, Noctis is accompanied by his friends and Royal Guard Gladiolus, Prompto, and Ignis. The four young men set out on a road trip across the continent in the king's personal convertible, the Regalia. Along the journey, each of them experience various situations which allow them to reflect on their past together, and strengthen their bonds for the future. A prequel to the 2016 video game Final Fantasy XV, Brotherhood: Final Fantasy XV explores the relationships of its four main protagonists and the challenges awaiting them. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Poverty-strikened Yang Jinghua had an accident. The moment he woke up, he seemed to turn 10 years younger overnight. Yang Jinghua thought he had been reborn and when he was about to step on the path for a new beginning, a white-haired, rich and handsome guy named Duanmu Xi, appeared right in front of him. He not only told Yang Jinghua that Yang Jinghua was already dead, he even asked for an invitation: "Young man, do you want to sign a contract with me and stay with me for the rest of your life?"
CG short specials of Flying Witch posted on the official YouTube channel of distributor VAP and later bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
Based on the Chinese manhua. Requiem Street, where evil spirits are attracted to in order to destroy them. A place where spirits and humans co-exist, not all humans can enter Requiem Street. Only those rare-soul users with guardian spirits can enter. Xia Ling was just a normal university intern, but a meeting by chance changes her ordinary life... In this world full of evil spirits, can you cooperate with your guardian spirit in order to survive?  (Source: MU) 
Third season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.
This story follows an orphan girl rumoured to be a successor of "Nuwa", the goddess of creation in ancient Chinese mythology.
When Freshman Zhou Xiaoan put on a ring of unclear origin, a terrifying devil leaps from his mouth and his life is changed forever. Shocking historical secrets are slowly revealed - a Blood Devil calling itself King Zhou of Shang, a race of heart-eating zombies; a dubious group of Taoist Priests that fight against them; mysterious beings of the supernatural world who can blend in to human society. (Source: GFearJ)
A parody opening for a spin-off of Gakkougurashi!, starring the characters from the visual novel Tokyo Necro by Nitro+.
Andross, an ape exiled from the Lylat Planetary System by General Pepper seeks revenge by attacking the planet Corneria and its innocence, kidnapping Pepper in the process. Meanwhile, it's another usual day for Team Star Fox, a gang of space mercenaries: Lazing around, getting angry at video games, and being lectured by their mentors. But all of that changes once they receive a distress call from a familiar face.  Meet Fox McCloud, son of the deceased James McCloud, as he and his top-notch crew—Slippy Toad, Falco Lombardi and Peppy Hare—fight back against Andross's robotic army in style, and attempt to save Corneria from the skies.
The coming-of-age battle story will center on the famous 17th-century Japanese warlord Date Masamune when he was young. The Date clan took its name from the Date region of the former Mutsu province, which comprises part of the modern-day city of Date. The anime will be the first in the city's "Kirari na Wonder Project" (Twinkling Wonder Project), which aims to highlight tourist attractions and the appeal of the region. Gainax's newly founded Fukushima studio will work on the anime, and will complete it at the end of March. The anime will have a private screening in April and will also screen in anime events and be posted online. (Source: ANN)
A messenger of the Heavens has arrived in Zhao Ge, which has been ruled by the Shang dynasty for generations. The current emperor, Zi Zhou, refuses to bow his head before the gods, and declares to the messenger that he will no longer accept the tyranny of the Heavens. The gods do not take this kindly; and soon, the emperor of a neighboring land, Wu Jifa, leads a crusade against the rebelling Shang. During the battle, the Shang forces are vastly overwhelmed, and just when the capital is inches away from being taken, Zhou joins the fight. Although he breaks through the enemy ranks and makes his way toward Jifa, out of nowhere a god falls from the sky, landing right before him, prepared to personally deal with the troublemaker. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hatsune Miku teaches viewers how to eat Pocky in summer.
A collaboration between Suntory's All-Free a zero-alcohol/zero-calorie/zero-carb beverage tasting like beer and Osomatsu-san.
A collaboration between Matsukiyo and Osomatsu-san.
Mahjong holds a major influence over the world. Mahjong masters are highly respected, and these players compete to become the leading player: the Mahjong King! Players from across the world come together to duel one another.
A promotional video advertising the release of the first Kakushigoto manga volume.
A modern day high school student is accidentally possessed by the spirit of the ancient Monkey King.
A promotional anime made with Tezuka Productions and Kanagawa's Industrial Labor Bureau to showcase a future where there is harmony between humans and robots.
A Meiji commissioned commercial teaching viewers the health benefits of chocolate such as alleviating high blood pressure. 
Nanocore is a science fiction Chinese cartoon in 3D. The stage of the story is established on a fictional planet Birthigin. In this young planet, humanity will never stop longing for a bright future despite reason and fear. In revolutions and evolutions, humanity keeps challenging the Creator, and which eventually induces contractions intensified. People choose to wake up and struggle for their own ideals. They end the peace and angers sweep the whole planet, resulting in outbreak of the crisis known as Purple Fog. In time of humans facing their odds of survival, the plan N.S.P led by the elite keeps frustrating until NanoCore's involving. It brings the plan his birth. As the existence, that the elite thinks should lead the development of human weapons, however, he breaks shackles of fate, and arrives at a land where faith no longer exists. He learns to make choices and grows up with them, and the dim future of Birthigin thus begins to change. (Source: Nanocore Tumblr)
Year 20XX W.I , Inc. has developed a humanoid weapon with high combat performance and advanced artificial intelligence (Clone-type robot), plotting a world invasion using those robots for war. Luka, a Clone-type robot, awakens and feels a strong urge to reunite with Kento, who was remodeled as the Clone-type robot Z1. (Source: Official Site)
Promotional anime for Koei-Tecmo game Toukiden 2 by Studio 4°C.
2nd Season to Osiris no Tenbin.
A god created AOTU World and established the 7 Oracles to rule it on behalf of this god. The poor and rich, enslaved and free, suffering and happiness, destruction and birth: every status is ordained by God. Mortals can only accept, but cannot resist. However, God has given his people the opportunity to change their fate through "AOTU Contest." The contestants use their unique "ability" gifted by the Contest System and inbate wisdom and courage in hopes of winning the competition and becoming the world's ruler.
Promotional shorts for Toyota's Estima (or Previa) car make.
A 1/100 scale of rice planting in a field done with paper stop-motion.
At the end of the Four Seasons: Fuuka and Nanami episode, a trailer was shown announcing a 3rd season of Master of Torque being released in 2016.
A commercial to promote HAL Tokyo College of Technology & Design. Composer Teddyloid, rapper DAOKO, director Hibiki Yoshizaki, and character designer PALOW created the commercial.  The character is named "Throne.No.11 HAL mia," a girl who wants to change her fate.  (Source: ANN)
A comedy series that pits the inhabitants of a Japanese sushi restaurant against a gaggle of greedy oni. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The opening animation PV for Ensemble Girls!!, a mobile game app.
Pâtisserie no Monster focuses on the titular monster Powan, the owner of a small pastry shop in France.
Eagle Talon is a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo. With plans for world domination, their attempts are continually foiled by Deluxe Fighter, the superhero who always manages to save the day.
The Kumamoto Prefecture Agricultural Cooperative Union's website began streaming an anime commercial titled 'Nikoyaka Shokudou' (Smiling Restaurant) on Wednesday. The commercial is intended to highlight produce grown in the prefecture, including meat (niku), rice (kome), vegetables (yasai), and fruit (kajitsu). The first characters of each of the words spell "nikoyaka" (smiling).
Shorts focusing on the cute (albeit bittersweet) lives of several rabbits with mold growing on them. They dream to spread their mold all over the world.
Short promotional video for the Fujinkoron magazine, starring employees of the editorial department.
Sweets having idle chatter.
A fan-made animation of the Metroid franchise by the professional animator Rabbit MACHINE.
The stage is Tokyo. One girl wants to be a fashion designer. She gets a job officially selling suits, but main business is robbing banks. Her name is Funny. Is Funny able to follow her dream be a fashion designer even though she might get caught in the factions and bonds of the company?! (Source: Official site)
A crossover of Kaette Kite yoo Toyama kara with Himitsukessha Taka no Tsume as they explore more of Toyama city.
Parody shorts of Future Card Buddyfight DDD released only on CoroCoro Comic's official YouTube channel. Similar shorts are shown before each episode of Future Card Buddyfight DDD, but those are included in that main anime's entry.
Liyon-chan is MBS's mascot character that born in June 2003. He is placed in an alternative school setting and meets four other Liyons with unique personalities.
A Meiji commissioned commercial promoting their new mozzarella string cheese done as a sing-a-long song.
(No synopsis yet.)
A collaboration anime between Taka no Tsume and Megane Super, an eyeglasses company in Japan.
An animated promotional video for the web manga of the same name.
The animated opening for Square Enix's Tenkyuu no Arculs RPG mobile game which launched for Android and iOS on July 21, 2016. The game had a short lived run and was terminated on January 11, 2017.
The Curious Kitty and Friends is a preschool stop-motion animated show, where we will join the upbeat and colorful adventures of kitty cat Komaneko as she explores the wonderful world with her friends Mimmi Bear, Radibo, and Yeti. With her trusty video camera and knapsack in tow, creative and curious Komaneko makes her own movies,usually starring her two favorite dolls, Wink and Ink.  (Source: Amazon)
Sougou Medical Koushiki shorts meant to easily explain two services they offer. The first video is about their third party medical inheritance called "Doctor to Doctor." Japan has a lot of independent medical clinics. As the doctor ages, they might not be able to help their patients as much. If the doctor dies of old age, the clinic's patients would suffer if they needed medical attention ASAP or suffer confusion as to how to transfer to another clinic with their medical records. The Doctor to Doctor Concierge service Sougou Medical Koushiki helps team up younger doctors with older doctors so that in the event the older doctor can not longer take care of their patients, the younger doctor would be fully equipped to take over so that no patients are neglected or left behind. The second video is about their Sougou Yakkyoku service. The company provides a pharmacist to explain what medications are, when to take them, and offers easy directions with big visual guides. Some elderly patients get confused or have difficulty reading when there are so many medications to take. So this service it meant to take away the pressure and guilt they might feel from not being able to follow along the back of the packages. 
All shots are created with game engine Unity. In the short, a little girl wants to give a gift to her parents. She's then sucked into a fantasy-like world (via her imagination) where her stuffed animal helps her on her journey.
Kawaijuku Manavis, a cram school, commissioned commercial staring their first mascot, Manabear.
Spring fairy came along with the cherry blossoms. (Source: Official You Tube channel)
Kazuma finds a choker at Wiz's magic shop said to grant any one wish and decides to put it on. The problem? He'll die in four days from strangulation if the wish isn't granted. And Kazuma can't remember what he wished for, so he has no idea how his party members can help. The girls therefore have no choice but to submit to his every whim if they want to save him.
While playing in the snow one day at her shrine, the land god Nanami Momozono witnesses her familiar—the fox youkai Tomoe—collapse, with dark markings appearing on his body. Tomoe's former master, Lord Mikage, appears after his long absence and places Tomoe into a magical pocket mirror in order to stave off his ailment. Mikage explains that long ago, before he and Tomoe had met, the fox youkai was in love with a human woman. Seeking to live as a human with his beloved, he made a deal with a fallen god, but he only ended up cursed and dying. When Mikage discovered Tomoe, the god made the youkai forget his human love as a quick solution. However, something has changed recently to reactivate the curse; Tomoe has fallen in love with his new human master, Nanami. Since there is no way to stop the curse, Nanami wants to stop Tomoe from getting cursed in the first place by traveling back through time, even if it means they may never meet. As Nanami travels back hundreds of years to save her precious familiar, she discovers that she is far more closely bonded to Tomoe than she previously thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
New OVAs bundled with the 18th and 19th volumes of the Shokugeki no Souma manga. 
Haikyuu!!: Lev Kenzan! tells an original story that reveals "a surprising side of a popular player." (Source: ANN) 
OVAs adapting the 4 omake chapters of the same name and bundled with the special edition of the 55th, 58th and 59th volumes of the manga.
The story is set before the main story's "Battle in Nagoya" arc. The Shinoa Squad receives another mission from Guren; to rescue a human girl named Riko from a mysterious vampire, Shahar, and bring her back to her family. However, Ferid and Crowley also appear when they find Shahar. Can Yuuichirou save the girl? (Source: Crunchyroll)
What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass? The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla." The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed. (Source: Official website)
New episodes bundled with the limited edition eighth and ninth manga volumes.
The Winter 2016 issue of Jump SQ.Crown magazine (pictured), which will go on sale on January 22, has announced that Yasuhiro Nightow's supernatural action manga Kekkai Sensen (Blood Blockade Battlefront) will receive an OVA episode. The episode, titled "Ousama no Restaurant no Ousama," will be released on June 3, 2016, with the Kekkai Sensen guide book titled Blood Blockade Battlefront Binge Bible. It adapts a story from the eighth volume of the manga. Rie Matsumoto returns to direct the episode, which will be animated by studio Bones. It has an estimated running time of 25 minutes.
Bundled with the fifth manga volume.
In Haikyuu!!: vs. Akaten, which takes place in the second season, Hinata and Kageyama fail a test and find that the make-up exam conflicts with their training camp.
Anime adaptation of the 2013 remake of the 1989 AliceSoft adult PC game Rance 01. Rance follows the namesake hero who is tasked with finding and protecting the daughter of a guild owner; however, the case turns out to be much deeper than it initially appears to be. (Source: MAL News)
It has been announced that Hiromu Arakawa's Arslan Senki manga will bundle OVAs in the fifth and sixth volumes, to be released on May 9 and November 9 respectively. The first OVA will include an original story supervised by Hiromu Arakawa, while the content of the second OVA has not been announced yet.
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the adult game by Pita Fetish!.
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the adult game by Blue Gale. 
Based on the manga by Shiwasu no Okina.
A new OVA for the idol girls series Futsuu no Joshikousei ga [Locodol] Yatte Mita. has been announced on the anime’s official Twitter. The news was first given at the 2nd Early Summer Nagarekawa Festival which took place at the Differ Ariake Arena in Tokyo today, and consisted of live events including the main cast of the anime. (Source: MAL News)
Set in a rural town, Kouta is the only son and heir to the Mikomori shrine in the small redeveloping town of Tsumagoi-chou which had been declining in popularity. He didn’t have any interest in inheriting the shrine. Instead, he focused on his studies, aiming to be a civil servant upon graduation. His widowed father talked about marrying a young girl, but then he suddenly disappeared. That girl Erina came to live with him, along with her younger sister Motoka. With the help of his childhood friend Mio and a few supporters of the shrine, they managed to continue living normal lives. One day, Erina brought home a girl Mai, who called herself his fiancée. One thing led to another, culminating with Erina ordering him to get her pregnant.
Based on the game by Bishop. 
Based on the manga by Red Akazawa. 
Long ago, the infamous pirate Van Clad ruled the seas unchallenged—that is, until his cunning navigator orchestrated a mutiny and slayed him during a treasure expedition. However, before drawing his last breath, he swore to one day return and claim his vengeance upon the descendants of his betrayers.  Three hundred years later, the young naval officer Klaus Ainhart stumbles upon Van Clad's final resting place. While exploring the deceased pirate's remains, Klaus is suddenly possessed by Van Clad's malevolent spirit. Now in possession of the officer's memories, the newly reborn pirate learns that his host is actually a celebrated military figure from the Kingdom of Austria, founded by none other than the traitorous navigator who killed him centuries ago. Under the guise of Klaus, Van Clad carries out a sinister plan to defile the legacy of the man he hates the most—by enslaving the women of Austria and turning the kingdom into a pirate lair. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An adaptation of the one-shot Namakemono by Akazawa Red.
Adaptation of the manga by Arai Kei.
Full chorus animation and situational anime bundled as a DVD with the "Kimi ni Maji Kyun!" CD release.
A scan of the upcoming issue of Monthly Comic Zenon magazine, revealed that City Hunter will be receiving a new OVA adaptation. It will be bundled with the release of the new version of the manga, City Hunter XYZ Edition, on July 18. This announcement was made to commemorate the 30th anniversary of City Hunter. The OVA will promote the new animation and cast members. (Source: MAL News)
Love is blooming at Sakuragaoka High School. Natsuki Enomoto has finally mustered the courage to confess to her childhood friend, Yuu Setoguchi. However, in the final moments of her confession, an embarrassed Natsuki passes it off as a "practice confession." Oblivious to her true feelings and struggling with his own, Yuu promises to support Natsuki in her quest for love. While Natsuki deals with her failed confession, fellow classmate Koyuki Ayase struggles with his own feelings for Natsuki. Despite his timidness, he is determined to win over her heart. Zutto Mae Kara Suki deshita.: Kokuhaku Jikkou Iinkai follows Natsuki as she dreams of one day ending her practices and genuinely confessing to Yuu. Meanwhile, close friends also find themselves entangled in their own webs of unrequited love and unspoken affections. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Set six months after the events of the original Yu-Gi-Oh! manga, Yuugi Mutou and his friends are in their final year of high school and are talking about what they will do in the future. Meanwhile, Seto Kaiba has commissioned an excavation to retrieve the disassembled Millennium Puzzle from the ruins of the "Shrine of the Underworld." The item had previously housed the soul of his rival, Atem, whom he hopes to revive in order to settle their score. The excavation is interrupted by a mysterious man, who faces Kaiba in a game of "Magic & Wizards" and steals two pieces of the recovered Puzzle. What is his ulterior motive? (Source: Wikipedia, edited)
On a dark night, the Japanese police is raided by a spy. Different countries' intelligence agencies—such as England's MI6, Germany's BND, and America's CIA—as well as the FBI's secret files are going to be taken, but public safety officers lead by Tooru Amuro arrive just in time. The spy steals a car and escapes. The spy and Amuro are then locked in a dead heat on the highway, and just as it is about to cause an accident with multiple cars, the spy's car is hit by FBI agent Shuichi Akai's rifle bullet and falls of the roadway. The next day, Conan and his friends go to a newly-remodeled aquarium in Tokyo. Under the main attraction, a Ferris wheel, Conan finds an attractive woman alone and injured. Her left and right eyes are different colors. But the woman is in a state of amnesia where she doesn't even remember her own name, and the cellphone she's carrying is broken. Conan and his friends promise to help her regain her memory, so they stay with her. Throughout all this, Vermouth is watching behind the scenes. Afterwards, she pulls out a silencer and speaks into an attached intercom, "It's as planned, Gin."
For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever. Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. (Source: Vertical)
Leon, who has succeeded the name of Golden Knight "GARO," devotes himself to train a young Makai Knight for the next generation, together with Prince Alfonso of the Valiante Kingdom. Then, they receive an order to exterminate the most beautiful Horror in the world which resides in a neighboring country "Vazelia." At the same time, a young Makai Knight for the next generation is kidnapped by an unknown person. Leon desperately follows them, only to find that he is surrounded by his enemies at a dead end. Then, a Makai Knight Dario who was supposed to be missing for some time suddenly appears and rescues him. Under his guidance, Leon is led to the town where he meets up a totally unexpected person. (Source: ANN)
After swearing off music due to an incident at the middle school regional concert band competition, euphonist Kumiko Oumae enters high school hoping for a fresh start. As fate would have it, she ends up being surrounded by people with an interest in the high school brass band. Kumiko finds the motivation she needs to make music once more with the help of her bandmates, some of whom are new like novice tubist Hazuki Katou; veteran contrabassist Sapphire Kawashima; and band vice president and fellow euphonist Asuka Tanaka. Others are old friends, like Kumiko's childhood friend and hornist-turned-trombonist Shuuichi Tsukamoto, and trumpeter and bandmate from middle school, Reina Kousaka. However, in the band itself, chaos reigns supreme. Despite their intention to qualify for the national band competition, as they currently are, just competing in the local festival will be a challenge—unless the new band advisor Noboru Taki does something about it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Federation troops and Zeon forces carry out a fierce battle in the Thunderbolt Sector in what was once Side 4 "Moore." The Thunderbolt Sector is a shoal zone composed of the debris of destroyed space colonies, named for the electrical discharges from the metal debris. MS pilot Io Flemming is among the Federation soldiers who are dispatched to the area, where Zeon sniper Daryl Lorenz awaits them on the battlefield. (Source: Gundam Wikia)
Game producer Jun Imaizumi announced six new projects related to the smartphone game "Phantom of the Kill" during a Niconico live broadcast celebrating the game's one-year anniversary on Friday. One of the new projects is a 15-minute anime concept film. Naoyoshi Shiotani (Psycho-Pass, Blood-C: The Last Dark) will direct the concept film at Production I.G  Fuji & Gumi Games' strategy drama RPG follows mysterious girls who carry the names of legendary weapons (such as "Masamune") as they search for their lost memories. The game allows players to collect characters and weapons, and enter dungeons to engage in turn-based tactical battles. (Source: ANN)
The final movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
Sequel to Meiji Tokyo Renka: Yumihari no Serenade, which follows Mei Ayazuki as she travels back in time and falls in love with historical figures.
A story set in the dream world, depicting the Kasukabe Defense Forces and the Nohara Family fighting against a nightmare trouble. One day the people in Kasukabe come to be able to have dreams they want in their sleep, after having a strange dream in which a giant fish swallows them. The people enjoy having their own distinctive dream in the dream world, but the world gradually changes into a nightmare world. Shinnosuke Nohara and Kasukabe Defense Forces members let Saki Nubatama, a girl who moves in Kasukabe, join the group, and they go into the dream world to explore the cause of the nightmare. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)
Sinbad includes a digest of the first two movies along with new content which concludes the story.
Ryouken, a young man who hates temples and monks, laments his misfortunes but finds hope in his soon-to-be-born child. An unfortunate accident took everything from Ryouken. In the days of self-abandonment and suffering in darkness, Ryouken finds the teachings of the high priest Rennyo. In it, he finds answers to the question "Why live" as explained by the sage Shinran. As he is drawn into the teachings and no longer hesitates, Ryouken becomes Rennyo's apprentice. The number of worshippers increase, but the Honganji temple becomes a target of the other sects, forcing Ryouken and Rennyo to flee from Kyoto. In order to find a new place to teach, they arrive in Yoshizaki (now in Fukui Prefecture) in the Hokuriku region.
An animated short film produced by past students of Taku Furukawa based on colors.
A Parade for three managers and four performers.  (Source: Yamamura Animation)
A video game character finds a VR headset on the street.
Rainie and her friends soar into a sugar rush of adventure to save their pals on Candy Planet.  (Source: IMDB)
Rainie and her friends soar into a sugar rush of adventure to save their pals on Candy Planet.  (Source: IMDb)
Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man.
A series of comedic shorts featuring chibi versions of the characters of the main show.
A collection of comedic shorts featuring characters from Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu. A continuation of Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Break Time.
A series of shorts featuring the characters from Tanaka-kun wa Itsumo Kedaruge in chibi form.
Picture drama included on the IS: Infinite Stratos 2 Blu-ray BOX.
New Aria work produced for the "Ao no Curtain Call" project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series.
Picture drama specials bundled with the main series' Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
Bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Tanaka-kun wa Itsumo Kedaruge.
Specials included with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Girls & Panzer Movie. Arisu War! (愛里寿・ウォー！) takes place after the events of the movie and Akiyama Yukari no Sensha Kouza (秋山優花里の戦車講座) are another two standard Yukari tank corner explanation videos.
Habahiro Hige awakens at his desk at work, but much to his surprise, he has become a baby! To make things stranger, Iori Wakabayashi walks in wearing a school uniform but doesn't recognize him as the baby. Upon being picked up and held by her, Hige discovers that he doesn't just have the body of a baby but the mind of one as well. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Special episodes included in the Blu-ray and DVD boxes of Kuma Miko.
 In the year 2025, automatons dubbed the Kikou suddenly appear and attack human beings, leaving many cities completely devastated. Human civilization is left in the ruin, but debris of a Kikou is then found in Japan. A research facility named Tokyo Kikou Institute (Toukigen) is established to investigate the Kikou's weaponry. Following the proverb "use poison to defeat poison," using Kikou to defeat Kikou appears to be mankind's last hope. Nine years later, a new weapon named the Muttsu is created from the research, and it is almost ready for use in live combat. A boy, Rin Sagami, and a girl, Yuzuru Midou, are chosen to ride the Muttsu. They are entrusted with the hopes for the future of mankind, but they face the mission with courage. However, what awaits the two is a cruel fate. (Source: MAL News)
To commemorate the anime Flying Witch, the first volume of the Blu-ray/DVD release included a special episode of Flying Witch Petit.
Bundled with BD/DVD volumes 1-3.
Picture drama included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 5th Blu-ray/DVD release.
Recap of the first 12 episodes of Nijiiro Days.
Animation studio Production I.G announced on Monday that it will enter the virtual reality (VR) content market with an app titled Koukaku Kidoutai Shin Gekijou-ban Virtual Reality Diver (Ghost in the Shell: The New Movie Virtual Reality Diver). The app will offer an original story in 360° 3D video, which can be seen with a VR headset. A three-minute promotional video will be available worldwide for the Oculus Rift on Google Play and App Store, followed by the full work in Japanese and English. (Source: ANN)
Shizuku Ishiai, a second year middle school student, loves dancing, but is bad at expressing herself, so she crossdresses and posts videos of her dances on the popular website "Smile Douga," under the alias "Ai." And she had declared the "dancing prince," Hayate, her rival. But, after a few unexpected events, and her attempts to best him, she's somehow thrown into an idol unit with him; furthermore, a MALE one?! (Source: Baka-Updates Manga)
The story revolves around Tsubasa Sonokawa, a 15-year old high school girl who fell in love with her upperclassman when he saved her after she fainted at the train station from anemia. She thought it was a meeting of fate, and visited him at his class every day. However, he told her that her feelings were "heavy," and he dumped her. She once again meets a boy after taking over her friend Yuri's job as boy's basketball team manager. She learns that she might have more of a connection with this boy named Aki than she first thought... (Source: ANN)
A girl's classmate disappears during a game of hide-and-seek. When she goes out to look for him, she hides when she hears someone pursuing her. After a while, she peeks out to see if her pursuer has given up. (Source: ANN)
A summary special hosted by Jounouchi and Mokuba discussing the rivalry between Yuugi and Kaiba. They introduce the setting of the series, recap the best quotes from both Yuugi and Kaiba and their ace monsters, show highlights of their duel in Battle City, and lastly showcase the first 3 minutes of the film a week before it is released in theaters.
Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release.
Specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes featuring Nene and Clarion in a radio show.
A Hakuouki: Otogisoushi special episode that aired between episode 11 and episode 12, it was not included in the normal episode count of the main show. It had a TV and web release on the same day and is included on the DVD and BD release.
Short Anime Bundled in Movie Blu-ray of King of Prism by Pretty Rhythm.
Additional episode of Gundam-san, included in BD & DVD.
Matsumoto Keisuke created this animation for his friends' marriage ceremony where is was shown. It uses the rabbit from Yaiyai Mori no Comic.
TV Station IDs for Nekoronde. They feature the cats jumping into the actual TV and being a part of the program. Since the official site does not say when each one aired, their air date is listed as the upload day to the official youtube channel.
