Reeling from his crushing defeat at the Grand Prix Finale, Yuuri Katsuki, once Japan's most promising figure skater, returns to his family home to assess his options for the future. At age 23, Yuuri's window for success in skating is closing rapidly, and his love of pork cutlets and aptitude for gaining weight are not helping either. However, Yuuri finds himself in the spotlight when a video of him performing a routine previously executed by five-time world champion, Victor Nikiforov, suddenly goes viral. In fact, Victor himself abruptly appears at Yuuri's house and offers to be his mentor. As one of his biggest fans, Yuuri eagerly accepts, kicking off his journey to make it back onto the world stage. But the competition is fierce, as the rising star from Russia, Yuri Plisetsky, is relentlessly determined to defeat Yuuri and win back Victor's tutelage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After the victory against Aoba Jousai High, Karasuno High School, once called “a fallen powerhouse, a crow that can’t fly,” has finally reached the climax of the heated Spring tournament. Now, to advance to nationals, the Karasuno team has to defeat the powerhouse Shiratorizawa Academy. Karasuno’s greatest hurdle is their adversary’s ace, Wakatoshi Ushijima, the number one player in the Miyagi Prefecture, and one of the country’s top three aces. Only the strongest team will make it to the national tournament. Since this match is the third-year players’ last chance to qualify for nationals, Karasuno has to use everything they learned during the training camp and prior matches to attain victory. Filled with restlessness and excitement, both teams are determined to come out on top in the third season of Haikyuu!!. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
At the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600, Toyohisa Shimazu is the rearguard for his retreating troops, and is critically wounded when he suddenly finds himself in a modern, gleaming white hallway. Faced with only a stoic man named Murasaki and hundreds of doors on both sides, Toyohisa is pulled into the nearest door and into a world completely unlike his own. The strange land is populated by all manner of fantastical creatures, as well as warriors from different eras of Toyohisa's world who were thought to be dead. Quickly befriending the infamous warlord Nobunaga Oda and the ancient archer Yoichi Suketaka Nasu, Toyohisa learns of the political unrest tearing through the continent. Furthermore, they have been summoned as "Drifters" to fight against the "Ends," people who are responsible for the creation of the Orte Empire and are trying to annihilate the Drifters. As the Ends grow more powerful, so does the Empire's persecution of elves and other demihumans. It is up to Toyohisa and his group of unconventional heroes to battle in a brand-new world war to help the Empire's subjects, while protecting the land to claim for themselves and challenging the Ends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Despite their differences in position, three men—the youngest senior executive of the Port Mafia, Osamu Dazai, the lowest ranking member, Sakunosuke Oda, and the intelligence agent, Angou Sakaguchi—gather at the Lupin Bar at the end of the day to relax and take delight in the company of friends. However, one night, Angou disappears. A photograph taken at the bar is all that is left of the three together. Fast forward to the present, and Dazai is now a member of the Armed Detective Agency. The Guild, an American gifted organisation, has entered the fray and is intent on taking the Agency's work permit. They must now divide their attention between the two groups, the Guild and the Port Mafia, who oppose their very existence.   [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Having reached professional status in middle school, Rei Kiriyama is one of the few elite in the world of shogi. Due to this, he faces an enormous amount of pressure, both from the shogi community and his adoptive family. Seeking independence from his tense home life, he moves into an apartment in Tokyo. As a 17-year-old living on his own, Rei tends to take poor care of himself, and his reclusive personality ostracizes him from his peers in school and at the shogi hall. However, not long after his arrival in Tokyo, Rei meets Akari, Hinata, and Momo Kawamoto, a trio of sisters living with their grandfather who owns a traditional wagashi shop. Akari, the oldest of the three girls, is determined to combat Rei's loneliness and poorly sustained lifestyle with motherly hospitality. The Kawamoto sisters, coping with past tragedies, also share with Rei a unique familial bond that he has lacked for most of his life. As he struggles to maintain himself physically and mentally through his shogi career, Rei must learn how to interact with others and understand his own complex emotions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Japan's latest competitive sport, keijo, is dictated by a simple set of rules: female-only participants must stand on circular platforms floating in a pool—referred to as "lands"—with the goal being to knocking off opponents using only their breasts and butts. Despite this outlandish premise, the sport attracts millions of viewers across the country and boasts a lavish prize pool. Many aspiring athletes take up the challenge in hopes of becoming the next national champion. After graduating from high school, the lively 17-year-old Nozomi Kaminashi enters the world of keijo, hoping to bring home a fortune to her poor family. As a gifted gymnast, Nozomi quickly proves herself a tough competitor after stealing the spotlight in her debut tournament. Meeting new friends and rivals as she climbs the ranks, Nozomi discovers that the path to stardom as a keijo player is filled with intense competition that will challenge not only her body, but also her soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kae Serinuma is a very kind second-year high school student and a devoted otaku. A little known fact about her, though, is that she's obsessed with BL, or Boy's Love. Serinuma can't help but to fantasize about her male classmates falling for each other and enjoys imagining them together. A more known fact about Serinuma, however, is that she’s noticeably overweight.  While watching her favorite show one day, Serinuma witnesses the death of her most beloved character. Utterly depressed, she can't muster up the energy to eat her meals, let alone attend school. After an entire week, she finally recovers. But now there's something unusual about her—during the time she refused to leave her room, she ended up losing a large amount of weight and has somehow become strikingly beautiful! Now catching the eye of everyone who sees her, she finds herself at the center of attention of four boys she has always known at her school. Though they all wish to spend time with her, Serinuma would much rather they spend time falling in love with one another. How will Serinuma deal with the four boys pursuing her BL-obsessed self? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second cour of Ajin.
Nanba is the world's most formidable prison, built to incarcerate criminals who are too slippery to stay in ordinary confinement. The four inmates who occupy Cell 13 are particularly cunning on that behalf, having escaped every other prison with a perfect success rate. There is Juugo, a specialist in locks who has spent the majority of his life in prison; Uno, a gambler with great intuition; Nico, an otaku whose body reacts strangely to drugs; and Rock, a bruiser with a love for food. The daily shenanigans of the four prisoners always cause trouble for the building supervisor, Hajime Sugoroku, who desperately tries to prevent them from breaking out of Nanba. Nanbaka follows the comedic, sparkle-filled exploits of these prisoners and their guards. From three square meals a day to sports festivals, prison life in Nanba isn't actually that bad—and it is the closest these four have to a home. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A blog disproving the supernatural, co-run by NEET teenager Yuuta Gamon and his enthusiastic best friend Ryouka Narusawa, becomes the catalyst that would bring together a group of people who supposedly have nothing to do with each other. These individuals include high school fortune teller Miyuu Aikawa, who joins Yuuta to work on the blog; realist Sarai Hashigami, who is stunned when tragedy strikes his family; doujin artist Ririka Nishizono, who has an uncanny ability to predict the future with her art; black magic practitioner and local curse expert Aria Kurenaino and her ghostly friend; Shun Moritsuka, a seemingly childish otaku detective; and reporter Touko Sumikaze. As this unlikely group, bound only by the strings of fate, find their way to each other, they are confronted with murder and other events that are shrouded by the presence of the supernatural. They must band together to solve the mysteries interlacing the city and their lives. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After Germania invaded a neighboring country in 1939, Europe spiraled into a devastating war. During the war, Germania set its sights on the weak alpine country of Elystadt. Boasting a far superior military and having achieved profuse success earlier in the war, it was expected that Germania would conquer Elystadt with ease. Matters are only made worse for the small country when Germanian soldiers capture their princess, Ortfiné "Finé" Fredericka von Eylstadt, as she is heading to a crucial meeting with Britannia. Yet, when a concurrent Germanian transport mission goes awry, Izetta, the last witch alive, escapes. When she recognizes Princess Finé from her childhood, Izetta rescues her from the Germanian soldiers by making use of her magical abilities. Now reunited with the princess, Izetta pledges to protect Elystadt from Germania, and with the last surviving witch on their arsenal, Elystadt hopes to turn the tides against the imperialist war giant.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Cocona is an average middle schooler living with her grandmother. And she who has yet to decide a goal to strive for, soon met a strange girl named Papika who invites her to an organization called Flip Flap. Dragged along by the energetic stranger, Cocona finds herself in the world of Pure Illusion—a bizarre alternate dimension—helping Papika look for crystal shards. Upon completing their mission, Papika and Cocona are sent to yet another world in Pure Illusion. As a dangerous creature besets them, the girls use their crystals to transform into magical girls: Cocona into Pure Blade, and Papika into Pure Barrier. But as they try to defeat the creature before them, three others with powers from a rival organization enter the fray and slay the creature, taking with them a fragment left behind from its body. Afterward, the girls realize that to stand a chance against their rivals and the creatures in Pure Illusion, they must learn to work together and synchronize their feelings in order to transform more effectively. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians. Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For many individuals in N-City, playing the popular social role-playing game Magical Girl Raising Project is as close as they could come to being a real magical girl. However, for some rare players, that dream can become a reality. One such girl is Koyuki Himekawa, who receives a notification one night that she has been selected to become a magical girl, her in-game avatar Snow White. As Koyuki and other chosen players in the city begin helping those in need, they all receive yet another notification: the admins have decided that they want to reduce the number of magical girls. Whoever collects the least amount of Magical Candies—which are awarded for their magical girl activities—in their competition each week will lose their powers. But when a real-world tragedy happens to the first player that drops out, they are shown the repercussions of losing their abilities. As more participants inevitably lose the competition and more twisted rules are added, the girls soon realize that their "contest" is actually a desperate fight for survival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Season 5 of Natsume Yuujinchou.
Daisuke Higashida is a serious first-year student at Higashizaka High School. He lives a peaceful everyday life even though he is not satisfied with the family who doesn't laugh at all and makes him tired. However, his father's company goes bankrupt one day, and he can no longer afford allowances, cellphone bills, and commuter tickets. When his father orders him to take up a part-time job, Daisuke decides to work at a nearby family restaurant in order to avoid traveling 15 kilometers to school by bicycle.
The story begins with Izumi Hayato running to be student council president. But when a beautiful girl swings in promising the liberalization of love while flinging condoms into the audience, he ends up losing to her and becoming the vice president. At the student council meeting, the newly-elected president invites herself over to Izumi's house, where she promptly announces she is to become Izumi's wife thanks to an agreement—facilitated by alcohol—made between their parents when they were only 3. (Source: MAL Scanlations)
Kogorou Akechi is the founder of a private investigation firm known as the Boy Detectives' Club. Together, this group takes on cases both great and small. One of their junior members, Kensuke Hanasaki, is out solving a case one day when he happens upon Yoshio Kobayashi, a mysterious amnesiac boy with an inability to die. After seeing his abilities in action, Kensuke offers Yoshio a deal: join the Boy Detectives' Club and help them solve cases, and in exchange he will find a way to help Yoshio die. The apathetic Yoshio accepts this deal begrudgingly, unaware of how different his life will become. Although he does not have much use for people, he gradually begins to acknowledge the group as he spends more time with them while solving cases. Trickster: Edogawa Ranpo "Shounen Tanteidan" yori follows Akechi and the rest of the Boy Detectives' Club as they solve the various cases they are given, all while combating a hidden threat from the shadows—"The Fiend with Twenty Faces." [Written by MAL Rewrite]
College student Chitose Karasuma is determined not to do boring things as she enters the adult world. To this end, this bad-mannered beauty barges into a facility that trains would-be voice actors and actresses, somehow landing a job at "Number One Produce," a seiyuu agency managed by her older brother, Gojou. In Chitose's mind, she's poised for greatness, but finds herself at a loss when she continues to only get minor roles. As she clashes with other girls in the agency, including a cunning airhead and a girl with a Kansai accent, Chitose is about to learn that there's more to succeeding in this competitive industry than she imagined. (Source: ANN)
Taking a break from the hustle and bustle of Tokyo, Souta Tawara returns to his hometown in Kagawa. Though his parents are no longer around, his former home and family-owned udon restaurant reminds him of the times his family was still together. Reminiscing about his childhood, Souta enters the udon restaurant and discovers a grimy young boy sleeping. At first, Souta thinks nothing of the chance encounter and provides the boy with food and clothing. However, to his surprise, the boy suddenly sprouts a furry pair of ears and a tail! Souta soon learns that the nameless boy is actually the rumored shapeshifting tanuki that has been inhabiting Kagawa for many years. Thinking that the boy has been living a lonely life, he decides to take him in and name him Poko. Udon no Kuni no Kiniro Kemari follows the heartwarming relationship between Souta and Poko, and through the time they spend together, Souta recalls his own past, the place he left behind for the city, and the relationship he had with his father. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In rugby, there is no ace striker, there is no number four batter, so who is the star of the team? The story begins at school entrance ceremony of Kanagawa High School where Kenji Gion, a small but gutsy go-getter joins the rugby club. He joins with his classmate, Iwashimizu, who has a complicated past and sub-captain Hachiouji, who always takes good care of his Club members. Lastly, there is Captain Sekizan, who has overwhelming powers but keeps his cards close to his chest. With such differences in both personality and physical performance, the team must learn to work and grow together so they can become the best. (Source: TMS Entertainment)
60 years ago, a strange case of insomnia struck the population, forcing them to stay awake for more than a full week. The victims, completely sleep deprived, all went mad. To cure this illness, a new medicine was produced, but the side effects turned the patients into vampires. Humanity went to war against this new species and triumphed, but some of the vampires managed to survive. Born from a Human and a Vampire, the main character Mi Liu, "The Child of Hope," is to represent the new hope that will connect the two species. Ringleader of a bank robbery, Mi Liu is arrested and transferred to a special prison of the National Defense Agency that monitors Vampires. Trying to break free with Anji, Mi Liu is attacked by strange monsters and he finds out that the prison location corresponds to the birthplace of Vampires, the old capital "Blue Town." Why are Vampires trapped in Blue Town? What are those strange monsters attacking them? Our heroes must fight to solve those mysteries. (Source: Emon via ANN)
Tekkadan has now become a direct affiliate of Teiwaz after procuring a new trade agreement with Arbrau. With its newfound funds and prestige, Tekkadan finds both its list of allies and enemies growing. Meanwhile, the flames of the Gjallarhorn power struggle continue to rage in full force. As a part of her efforts to make Mars financially independent from Earth, Kudelia Aina Bernstein founds the Admoss Company and enlists Tekkadan as her business partner.  The stakes are getting higher as the Tekkadan family continues to grow. Will Orga, Mikazuki, and the rest of the Tekkadan faction be able to keep up, or will Kudelia's dream of Martian independence die out? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kouhei Araki, a veteran editor of the dictionary editorial division at Genbu Publishing, plans to retire in order to better care for his ailing wife. However, before retiring, he must find a replacement to complete his latest project: a new dictionary called "The Great Passage." But no matter where he looks, he cannot find anyone suitable, as making a dictionary requires a wealth of patience, time, and dedication. Mitsuya Majime works in Genbu Publishing's sales division, yet he has poor social skills and an inability to read the mood in most situations. In spite of this, he excels at having an enthusiasm for words thanks to his love of reading and careful personality. It is these skills that draw Araki to him and prompt him to offer Majime a position in the dictionary editorial department. As Majime accepts his new position, he finds himself unsure of his abilities and questioning whether he will fit in with his new co-workers. Yet amid the vast sea of words, The Great Passage will bring them together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the year 2205, a special sage known as Saniwa has the ability to breathe life into inanimate objects. At the same time, dark forces have initiated a plot to travel back in time and change the course of history—and the only ones capable of stopping them are the Saniwa and their strongest animations: historical Japanese swords, in the form of handsome young men. Touken Ranbu: Hanamaru opens on the life of Yamatonokami Yasusada, Souji Okita's beloved uchigatana, as he begins his first day at the Saniwa's citadel. Soon reuniting with his old friend, Kashuu Kiyomitsu, the two are caught up in the daily antics of their fellow sword warriors. They never miss an opportunity to have fun, whether it be through wild snowball fights or introducing their newest comrades to the citadel. Of course, when the government calls, the swords are always ready to fulfill their mission of protecting history. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a world where academic success decides your entire future, the exam room becomes a ruthless battlefield. Passing the exams guarantees a successful future. Failing dooms you to live a cruel life, tormented by suffering and despair. Only the most intelligent—or cunning—students make it out alive. These are the two strategies of combat: spend your entire life studying for the test, or perfect your cheating strategy. The students who dedicate themselves to studying are called “Learning Type” students, and they are forced to collaborate with a “Cheating Type” student in order to battle their rivals for the top grades.  The cheater Zhuge Mu Ming and studious academic Qiao Yi Huang decide to team up against the exams. However, the allies are soon divided, becoming bitter rivals. Will they be able to make it on their own? And if so, who will survive the challenge and emerge victorious? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
High school student Homura Suzuko has returned to Ikebukuro, the town where she grew up. "We're friends forever!" She treasures her memories of her old friend from when she was little, Morikawa Chinatsu, and she's excited at the prospect of meeting her again. But when she gets to school, she finds she has trouble fitting in with the rest of the class. One day, she decides that if she learns to play the card game WIXOSS, she might be able to make some friends. She stops at a card shop on her way home and buys a deck set. When she takes the set home and opens it, the girl on one of the cards begins to move, and speak. "Welcome, Selector." Humans chosen as Selectors must battle for control of the five coins that hold all their memories. If they can retake all the coins, they win, and can leave the game. But if they lose, as a penalty— "Lostorage"—What will become of Suzuko as she's caught up in this insane game? And just like Suzuko, Chinatsu finds herself drawn into the game as well... (Source: Crunchyroll)
In September 1944, allied forces led by the 501st Joint Fighter Wing "Strike Witches" successfully eliminate the Neuroi threat from the skies of the Republic of Gallia, thus ensuring the security of western Europe. Taking advantage of this victory, allied forces begin a full-fledged push toward central and eastern Europe. From a base in Petersburg in the Empire of Orussia, the 502nd Joint Fighter Wing "Brave Witches," upon whom mankind has placed its hopes, flies with courage in the cold skies of eastern Europe. (Source: MAL News)
Raised up in the same orphanage, Fuuka and Rinne were once close friends but parted company after a quarrel ended up with Rinne overwhelmed Fuuka with her martial art skills. Fuuka has a life in poverty after leaving the orphanage. An accidental encounter with renowned martial arts champion Einhald Stratos discovered Fuuka's hidden talent in fighting; Einhald offered Fuuka a job and coaching, encouraging her to meet up with Rinne again—in a ring. (Source: ANN)
For Uncle, a lecherous but handsome toilet designer, it is just an ordinary day of neglecting his duties as a single parent to hit on women and talk about his "superpower": his ability to tell a lady's hip size at a glance. But when he is sucked down into a toilet, the Space Peace Republic Alliance Hero Committee gives him real superpowers, and he becomes the hero of Earth. There is only one problem–-he has become an ugly, unrecognizable fatty who is unable to reveal his real identity. Uncle's beloved daughter Min-chan does not believe that such a vulgar fatty could be her father, and casts him out of his own home. Distraught and homeless, he joins up with his perverted neighbor Yamada-san, a small man with a fondness for streaking, and sets out to convince Min-chan that he is her father. Full of sexual innuendo and slapstick humor, To Be Hero follows Uncle as he befriends bizarre allies and combats even more bizarre foes, fighting for the future of earth against aliens and—more importantly—his future with his daughter. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the world of Japanese ping pong, a mighty king has fallen. An underdog team suddenly breaks the indomitable Oudou Academy's nine year winning streak, creating a power vacuum as players everywhere are given hope that they too can reach the national tournament. Suzumegahara Middle School is home to a small-time team: Hanabi Tenka, who has a rapid attack style; Hokuto Itsumo, who can predict the ball's most likely path; Agari Kamiya, famous for her signature backhand smash; vice-captain Mune Oomune, who has an aggressive playstyle; and team captain Kiruka Ushirode, who possesses an impenetrable defense. Despite their skill at ping pong, the team has never made it further than the local city tournaments. But everything changes when transfer student Koyori Tsumujikaze arrives in town. Filled with an intense love of the game, she quickly makes a name for herself as another top player on the team. Koyori's positive attitude towards ping pong lights a fire in each of the girls' competitive hearts, and together they embark on a mission to win the national tournament. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Upon enrolling in high school, Tamaki Honda joins a club for making doujin games known as the SNS Club. Joined by programmer Shiina, writer Ayame, and composer Kayo, Tamaki begins working as an illustrator for the club's next game. (Source: Wikipedia)
A world where art becomes magic. In this world, people who can inspire passion with their Magic Arts are called Artistas, and are employed in show business. In Hoshinomori Private Magical Arts High School, where Artistas are taught, a strange new student named Kohana Aigasaki transfers into the school. Kohana is placed on the planning committee for the school's yearly Hoshinomori Summer Festa cultural festival. She spends her romantic school life with six other boys who aim to become entertainers in the future. Each of the boys specializes in his own Arts, and aims to make Hoshi Fes a success. In addition, the boys also aim to be chosen alongside Kohana as the school's Artista Prince and Princess, only chosen once a year. A Magic-kyun for you! A new renaissance starts here! Magic-kyun! Renaissance is a multimedia project where you can create great memories with Artistas of greatly varying personalities! (Source: Official site) 
The anime's story will start where the third season left off, at the competition for who will open the Triple S international sporting event. Raging Entertainment's HE★VENS idol group had hijacked the competition between QUARTET NIGHT and ST☆RISH, causing chaos. However, after the QUARTET NIGHT members suggest a certain idea, the three groups aim toward a new stage, with HE★VENS swearing to get their revenge on the other two groups. (Source: ANN)
Sequel of Bubuki Buranki.
This is the visual diary of Kiitarou's experience with youkai. He's a boy with a very strong spirit sense, but when he entered a forbidden storehouse, he was kicked out of his home. He soon found a new place to live, where he met a zashiki warashi (house spirit) named Suzu. He and Suzu soon began to attract all kinds of spirit creatures, starting with a nurikabe (appears as a wall that impedes travelers) and mokumokuren (appears as eyes in a torn paper wall). What kind of folkloric creature will he meet next? (Source: MangaHelpers)
Matoi Sumeragi wishes for nothing more than to lead a normal life away from the spotlight. She is quite satisfied alternating between school and her part-time job at her best friend Yuma Kusanagi's family shrine. But this routine life is permanently disturbed when a Night—an evil extra-dimensional entity—attacks the shrine. Matoi is able to drive it off after unwittingly calling upon the powers of a god, the natural enemies of the Nights. Matoi and Yuma are soon joined by Claris Tonitolus, an experienced exorcist from the Vatican, and agent Haruka Luciela, who works for the secretive Night defense organization IATO. Despite not knowing the perpetrator behind these attacks nor their motive, Matoi must come to master this newfound power in order to protect both the people around her and the once normal life she holds so dear. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The school love story is set at Baramon High School, a private boys' school for the prefecture's most elite. The protagonist is a seventeen year old boy who transfers into the school and meets various major players on campus, such as the outlaw teacher, the soccer captain, and a childhood friend whom the protagonist has not seen for seven years. The school presents opportunities for friendship, love and conflict, and changes are now bound to happen in the main character's life. (Source: ANN)
In a rural town undergoing revival through music, high school students Kanae and Sousuke meet none other than Beethoven and Mozart! Calling themselves "ClassicaLoids," this mysterious duo creates a strange power through the "music" they play. One night, stars fall from the sky and gigantic robots appear, causing trouble every single day! Bach, Chopin, Schubert also appear as ClassicaLoids. What is the mystery behind the powers they possess? Are they humanity's friend or foe?
Falling in love at first sight with a collapsible bicycle outside the station, Ami Kurata, first-year university student empties her account without a second thought and buys the bicycle. Now she enjoys weekend cycling trips with Aoi, her childhood friend, and Hinako, a senior at her university. "Owning a road bike may change your view of the world completely." Prompted by the comment, Ami purchased a road bike, and she is really impressed with the traveling performance. As soon as she places her feet on the pedals and presses down, everything about riding a road bicycle—the lightness of the pedal, the speed, the acceleration—is nothing like she has ever experienced. Ami's cycle life gets going with the new road cycle as her partner! (Source: Showgate, edited)
Metropolis of music, MIDICITY. A kitty girl wearing gothic lolita clothing named Cyan is scouted by Maple Arisugawa, the president of a music agency. From there, she meets Chuchu (a pun off of the sound that rabbits make) the honor student rabbit girl, a net geek dog girl named Retoree (from "Retriever"), and an alien sheep (?) girl named Moa. Together, they form the band named "Plasmagica," and aim for the top of the world. However, the path there is long and tough, and keeping in high spirits is important. By battling against other strange bands, Plasmagica slowly grows toward a top-grade band. In the end, they'll be a band that becomes the driving force of MIDICITY's music industry... Maybe? Gonna be a music millionaire! (Source: Sanrio)
Keishuu, China. The history books say that in the era of the Three Kingdoms, this land was a place of never-ending war. A young high school boy, Sonshin, who hates his city's history, is troubled by a certain dream. When he wakes up from the dream, strange things begin to happen one after another, and without understanding what's going on, he suddenly finds himself facing Gien, one of the generals from the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, who's trying to kill him! Just before Gien's blade strikes home, a mysterious beautiful woman appears in front of Sonshin. What trials await Sonshin, as he witnesses this terrible battle between two generals of the Three Kingdoms? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Rescued from nearly drowning in a river, a young Chidori yearns to pay back her savior's kindness. Though her cute and innocent appearance might not show it, she is actually a highly skilled ninja, so years later, Chidori and her friend Sukezou come to serve under the man who saved her—the ambitious warlord, Nobunaga Oda. As Nobunaga fights off invading forces and sets his sights upon neighboring lands, Chidori is assigned vital tasks to assure victory, such as gathering information or assassinating key figures. Between taking on these important missions and dealing with the colorful cast of Nobunaga's family and servants, the young ninja is always ready to do her best to lead her master toward greatness. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
​Sawako Machida—or "Miss Bernard," as she prefers to be called—can frequently be found in the school library with a book in hand. Whether or not she has read it, however, is another matter entirely. In her own words, Sawako finds it too much work to actually read, and would rather just make others believe she spends a lot of time reading. But in the same library where she constantly hangs out, there are other students who love books and are quite upset with her disdainful approach to reading their favorite titles. As she pretends to read and discuss great literary works amid eccentric book lovers, Sawako finds herself learning something after all, as well as making new friends along the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two young wrestlers face each other in a recently revived underground wrestling organization, the Tiger's Lair, which destroyed the wrestling dojo they grew up in. One took over the training facilities of Naoto Date at the foot of Mount Fuji, as well as the mask he left behind. The other dared to enter the Tiger's Lair and won a fierce competition, receiving a jet-black tiger mask. One tiger walks the path of light, while the other walks the path of shadows. Neither one knows the other's face. On the ring, they are natural enemies, but they have the same purpose—destroy the Tiger's Lair! (Source: MAL News)
In most ordinary high schools, many stories and rumors float around—some scandalous, some happy and some...more macabre. One such example is of monsters lurking in an abandoned mansion outside of town. Such tales, however, prove too tempting to resist for Hiroshi and his friends Mika, Takeshi, and Takurou. They decide to brave the rumored dangers in order to investigate the manor and complete a test of courage. Each of them approaches the mansion with an overwhelming sense of dread. And when they enter, they come upon a blue monster named Ao Oni who attacks them. As Hiroshi and his friends try to solve the various puzzles in the mansion and escape their new blue nemesis, they find themselves meeting several horrible endings as they fail miserably. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
This is a world where both men and monsters exist. Those who hunt the monsters are called Hunters. But in a small corner of the Hunter's world, there are those called Riders who bond with and coexist with monsters. With their Kizuna Ishi (Bonding Stones) that allow them to awaken the hidden power inside monsters, Riders live in secrecy together with their Otomon, the monsters they formed a connection with. Ryuto, a young boy living in the Rider village of Hakum, dreams of becoming the world's best Rider. Having just turned 12, he sets out to find his own Otomon for himself before the ceremony where he is given his own Kizuna Ishi. Together with his kind-hearted childhood friend Cheval, his inquisitive childhood friend Lilia, and his partner Naville, he sets out deep into the forest, and has a miraculous encounter with a Rathalos. (Source: ANN, edited)
Tokine Amino works as a secretary for TEN2, an advertising agency. One day while cleaning the conference room, she is surrounded in light and finds she can't leave the room until she solves a puzzle. It seems a creature named Hacchin is a being from another dimension called Quizn. He is interested in the intellectual pleasure that happens when someone solves a puzzles or uncovers a mystery. And he has his sight set on Tokine Amino.
Sequel of Anitore! EX.  New member Sakura Izumi joins the five idol candidates of the previous season. A second year middle schooler, she often wears a big smile on her face. (Source: ANN)
The story begins with Hanabi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The series depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love. (Source: ANN)
Eighth season of the Teekyuu anime series.
Second season of Mahou Shoujo Nante Mou Ii Desukara.
Everyone in the world uses smartphone apps. But inside them lurks unknown creatures called "Appli Monsters," or "Appmon." The Appmon are AI lifeforms with the ability to think and act, and exist in the boundary between the human world and digital space. In the vast sea of the internet, the "last boss AI" Leviathan takes control of the Appmon with a virus and begins hacking every system, thus starting to control the human world from the world of the net. Haru Shinkai is led to acquire the Appli Drive, and uses it to materialize Gatchmon, a search app monster. (Source: ANN)
The story of Idol Memories is set in the near future, where live idol music performances in virtual reality have become commonplace. Against this backdrop, a pair of rival idol groups compete for the coveted "tiara," which represents the number one spot in the "Idol League." (Source: Crunchyroll)
The combined 22nd and 23rd issue of Kodansha's Morning magazine, which will go on sale on April 28, has announced a new 3D CG anime of Kanata Konami's slice-of-life manga Chi's Sweet Home.
The history, either daily life or life stories of Sengoku warriors, is described using animals. We invite popular young actors and unique casts to voice out those Sengoku warriors while joking about them. An anime that teases Japan's history and Sengoku warriors; that's "Sengoku Choujuu Giga." (Source: MAL News)
The "Nyanbo" are creatures with square bodies with ears and tails that came to Earth from outer space. There's Tora, who dreams of repairing their broken UFO and returning to space, as well as his sister Kotora, the precocious Shiro, the mischievous Mike, the mysterious Kuro, and many more. All of these Nyanbos are now happily living much like cats, free-spirited and sometimes getting into trouble, in places that humans don't know about. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Third season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Ame-iro Cocoa: Rainy Cocoa Goes to Hawaii!! Nozomu Tokura, who is Aoi's older brother, is appointed as the manager of the Hawaii store. With more new characters, will he be able to open up the store there successfully?
A new TV series in the Time Bokan franchise.
A group of young girls make a living by running an armored vehicle customization workshop in a desert town. They discuss different ways of promoting their business every day. (Source: ANN)
Second season of Bishoujo Yuugi Unit Crane Game Girls.
Fourth season in the Kaitou Joker anime series. The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure. (Source: ANN)
The series re-imagines the Glass Mask manga and its characters in a school gag comedy focused on satirizing modern society. (Source: ANN)
The anime takes place on the screw-shaped island country of Nejigajima and follows the two "Bokyabots" Hebot and the Yurui Prince Nejiru as they collect different "Bokya Neji" screws. When the Bokyabots wear the Bokya Neji screws on their heads, they're able to compete in "Bokya Battles," battles for who can think up and tell the best jokes. (Source: ANN)
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Set during 3000 BCE in the Nile region of Egypt, Kamigami no Ki ("Chronicles of the Gods") will depict the comical misadventures of Bastet, Anubis, Ra, and the mysterious ghost Medjedo as well as their caretakers, Iabi and Ahkeu. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Not far from the Magical World of Fairy Castle, there is another Magical Kingdom called Colorful Castle. Which is a place full of color, joy and humor, just like a peaceful, carefree paradise... Until one day, at the edge of the Kingdom, There a dark gray island, where the owner of it, The Lord of black curse just woke up from sleep. In order to make his island to become more powerful, he decide to steal the "Color Magic Energy" of Colorful Castle for himself. The Lord sent his men, the Black Bean Soldiers, sneak into the colorful Kingdom, to steal the energy. Witnessing her own people been bullied, the princess of the Colorful Kingdom found herself had no strategy left to try, as herself had been cursed by the mysterious curse, and turn into a little pixie. But she would never thought, there will be three girl from the human world, to be on her side, together, they will dealing with the Lord of the black curse. Also, the peaceful and joyful atmosphere of the kingdom, is going to be changed along with the girls break in. (Source: Mahou Shoujo Wikia)
(No synopsis yet.)
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
Kimoshiba is a weird type of life form with the shape of an oversize shiba inu, loves eating curry (particularly curry breads), and works at a funeral home. Similar life forms include yamishiba and onishiba. (Source: ANN)
Third season of Dayan the Cat. The shorts will be "theatrical-style," with a curtain opening on the everyday adventures of Dayan and his friends.
On a distant southern island, a fish (sakana) opened its mouth for a cat (neko), thus "nekozakana" (cat-fish) is born. (Source: ANN)
Kokekkou-san is a mother hen in a big chicken family. Keeping everyone and everything right is not an easy job for her. (Source: ANN)
The second season of Dochamon Junior.
The 2nd season of Lalala Lala-chan. A prince from another country washes ashore and asks for help from the group. His kingdom is overrun by an evil monster that has laid the land to waste.
(No synopsis yet.)
G.G. Bonds enters the realm of dreams to stop evil's power from growing. They must get the citizens of Crystal City to remember their dreams so that the 5 element powers can recharge.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 1999. Morioh, a normally quiet and peaceful town, has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation. Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Magano, a parallel realm filled with monsters known as "Kegare," is a place where exorcists deal with all impurities. Benio Adashino is a prodigy exorcist who is recognized for her strength and is summoned to Tokyo by the Exorcist Union. On her way, she plummets into the arms of Rokuro Enmadou, a young exorcist with a troubled past. But the impurities of Magano do not rest. When these two exorcists witness a couple of children stolen by a Kegare, Benio rushes to save them, dragging Rokuro along with her into Magano. Engaged in a fight she is on the verge of being defeated in, Benio is saved by Rokuro, revealing himself capable of being her rival in talent. Sousei no Onmyouji tells the story of two talented exorcists who are destined to become the "Twin Star Exorcists" and the prophesised parents of the Miko—the reincarnation of Abe no Seimei—who will cleanse the world of all impurities. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
To the average person, psychic abilities might seem a blessing; for Kusuo Saiki, however, this couldn't be further from the truth. Gifted with a wide assortment of supernatural abilities ranging from telepathy to x-ray vision, he finds this so-called blessing to be nothing but a curse. As all the inconveniences his powers cause constantly pile up, all Kusuo aims for is an ordinary, hassle-free life—a life where ignorance is bliss. Unfortunately, the life of a psychic is far from quiet. Though Kusuo tries to stay out of the spotlight by keeping his powers a secret from his classmates, he ends up inadvertently attracting the attention of many odd characters, such as the empty-headed Riki Nendou and the delusional Shun Kaidou. Forced to deal with the craziness of the people around him, Kusuo comes to learn that the ordinary life he has been striving for is a lot more difficult to achieve than expected. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The series is about two boys named Tsukushi and Jin. Tsukushi is a boy with no special talent or traits while Jin is considered a soccer genius. On one stormy night, Jin meets Tsukushi, and they get dragged into the world of soccer. (Source: MAL News)
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the country of Rimguard, a mysterious event shook the country and its people just 12 years prior. As time passed, memory of the incident began to fade while peace reigned over the land. Sisters Yui and Rena live a quiet life in the Enastria Empire until a large mecha suddenly attacks their peaceful home, changing everything. The girls become caught in a vortex of destiny and godly revival. (Source: FUNimation)
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths. At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve. Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Valt Aoi is a hot-blooded kid who loves to attack and wields a Beyblade named Valkyrie. His close friend Shuu Kurenai is an elite Blader who is a genius but still puts in a lot of effort, and wields the Beyblade named Spriggan. (Source: ANN) 
Mirai is a 13-year-old girl who lives in the human world. One day she witnesses a mysterious object fall from the sky into the park. Excitedly, she brings her stuffed bear Mofurun with her to see what it was. When she gets there she sees a girl named Riko flying on a broom. Riko is of the same age and from the magical world. Mirai has a lot of questions, and Riko explains that she's searching for a jewel with strong powers called "Link Stone Emerald." Then Batti, an ally of the dark magic users Dokurokushi, appears before them and demands that Riko hand over the "Link Stone Emerald," which Riko herself had been looking for. To make things worse, Batti uses dark magic to create a monster known as a Yokubaru! Mirai and Riko join hands and with the magic words "Cure-up Rapapa!" they transform into the legendary Pretty Cure. 
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Dorogoza Island is rich in "Drop Energy" that players can use on friendly monsters. Once strong enough, they can face enemies in puzzle wars. Winners reap rewards, but what happens to the losers? Only the brave can take on these monstrous challenges! (Source: FUNimation)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Shounen Ashibe follows the daily life of first-grader Ashibe Ashiya and his spotted seal pet Goma-chan. (Source: MAL News)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Third season of Future Card Buddyfight.
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
"Fairilu" are fairies of flowers, insects, mermaids, or other entities that are born from "Farilu Seeds." All Fairilu are born with their own key, and they must search to find and open the door that fits only their key. Once the Fairilu pass through the doors, they mature. The doors are also related to the human world. (Source: ANN)
The story imagines if Japanese historical figures such as Queen Himiko, the warlord Oda Nobunaga, and samurai Sakamoto Ryouma were cats. (Source: ANN)
Shunta Mogami loves the Battle Spirits game. One day he is transported by a light from a Battle Spirits card to Spirits World, the origin of all Battle Spirits. He meets a girl named Eto, who claims to have summoned him to Spirits World in order to prevent its destruction at the hands of the revived Evil God-King, who once plotted the destruction of Spirits World before being defeated and sealed away. Together with the confident, green-deck-wielding Yoku Albatrosa, who also came from another world, Shunta sets out to find the twelve God-Kings whose power originally sealed the Evil God-King. (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
It is the sequel of Versus Revolution, continuing the chain of events after the battle between the Invaders and Revolutionary. It is also the last season and conclusion of the Versus saga in the anime The 'V' mark that was once on Katta Kirifuda's forehead hides a mysterious force. However, the power was sealed off. Even though the impact of removing the seal does not do much, but Hamukatsu starts to talk! Plus more hamsters that are like Hamukatsu starts to appear! They were then told about a secret organization, the "Rare Killers", with the members being transfer students of the school! What is the mystery of the hamsters like Hamukatsu and who exactly are the Rare Killers? The final battle is about to start!  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
Based on the characters created by Study.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
CoCO and her sister NiCO are under training to become graceful and elegant cat princesses. They are watched over and trained by the strict but caring Lady Oppenheimer. CoCO and NiCO keeps Lady Oppenheimer quite busy as they try their best to learn the ways of a princess, and have fun with a little mischief along the way. (Source: Japan International Broadcasting)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The story is set in a world where every event has been turned into programs, and mysterious monsters known as "Promin" maintain the world. However, many Promin who have turned into bugs known as "Bugmin" are responsible for many of the world's real-life bugs. Left alone, they may eventually turn into a big problem. The boy Yuuto encounters the space dog Wanda, and the pair use a camera-like device and key items to capture Bugmin. Promin themselves are able to do things like "accelerate objects," "spew fire," or "create objects," through an ability known as "Kamiwaza" (miracle), and are able to fend off Bugmin with it. At first, the Bugmin only cause small, bothersome things, but it will soon elevate into a global scale threat. Can one boy and one dog save the world? (Source: ANN)
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
Nameko Forest gathers nameko from all over the world. They form the Nameko Universal Ranger (NUR) to convey the charm of the forest. It's an everyday life of inviting new nameko with unique personalities to the forests. What incident will happen today?
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
Korean Animation about the monsters Eerie, Rock-G, Popo, and Yossi and the adventures they go on each day!
A cutesy horror anime. Everyone in town is monster but they're living their lives like normal while attending high school.
2nd Season of Gra-P & Rodeo.
An adult comedy series following the life of Ikkyuu, a monk.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fuji TV announced that it will air a new series of anime shorts based on the Parappa the Rapper video game franchise. The new anime will center on the P.J. Berri character. Each episode is about 96 seconds long. The anime celebrates both the 20th anniversary of the game and the 15th anniversary of the anime series. (Source: US Anime Direct, edited)
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
(No synopsis yet.)
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Based on a picture book series launched in 2006 about creatures that are neither insects nor plants.  (Source: ANN)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
6.5-centimeter tall Degirdians fall to Earth in their spacecraft while chasing fugitives. Their spaceship transforms into a capsule toy stand near a toy store and a human boy accidentally takes home one of the aliens thinking it's a capsule toy. They befriend a human boy and try to figure out a way to get home all while fighting off the evil alien.
A season of Kemy, where the gang goes on expeditions to explore nature. This season is similar to the original Kemy Lang Buka Chaka where some of the footage is live action nature. Still, Buka and Chaka do not reprise their roles in this season either.
With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.  (Source: Netflix)
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The fourth season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
The second season of Power Battle Watch Car.
The anime follows a salaryman who has a chance meeting with a girl named Ai on the train. They begin to meet every Monday on the train, with the man serving as her bodyguard on the crowded commute while they chat. (Source: ANN)
One day, class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Magic School receives a special mission: to kill their homeroom teacher, the Demon King Koro-sensei. To increase their chances of succeeding, the class searches for the three most powerful warriors—Karma Akabane, Itona Horibe, and Ritsu—who later join their company. Even with their help, accomplishing the mission becomes an insurmountable task as they are not the only ones after the Demon King's life.  Koro-sensei Quest! tells the comedic adventures of Nagisa Shiota and class 3-E as chibi magical students. Trained by none other than their very target, the students encounter challenging, yet hilarious situations all through the perilous mission of defeating the Demon King.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Pokémon Generations revisits each generation of the Pokémon video game series to shed new light on some timeless moments. From the earliest days in the Kanto region to the splendor of the Kalos region, go behind the scenes and witness Pokémon history with new eyes! (Source: Official site)
Nexon recently announced an anime called Elsword: El Lady and will be done by DR Movie and written by NZ. Nothing else has been announced.
The story follows a young genius university professor who is able to learn any language. He is asked to decipher a code used in wireless communication: the Luger Code, developed by werewolves, enemies to mankind. Startled to find that he cannot decipher the code and desperate to study it, the professor embarks on a journey to capture a living werewolf to aid him. (Source: LiveChart)
The first short story focuses on Favaro and Kaiser between the events of the first and second series as they visit Favaro's home village.  The second short story shows Kaiser as a knight commander sparring with Jeanne, and sharing the reasons they remained as Orleans Knights in the aftermath of the final battle against Bahamut.
After the invading dimensional monsters were beaten back, Seoul was rebuilt. This is the story of Closers in New Seoul. Mysterious dimensional gates opened all over the planet and unleashed a worldwide invasion of dimensional monsters. No monsters and tactics had any effect on the waves of dimensional monsters pouring out of the dimensional gates. City after city was mercilessly destroyed. But the opening of the dimensional gates did not only cause damage and destruction. The psychokinetic power that it awoke also enabled a tiny minority of humans to gain extraordinary psychic powers. With these psychic warriors, governments around the world were able to turn the tide of the war with these monsters. After unspeakable losses, the people of earth at least succeeded in closing the gates. Since they had closed the gates, these psychics began to be called "CLOSERS," and the invasion of the dimensional monsters was named the First Dimensional War. With the dimensional monsters vanquished, peace returned to the world, and the cities were rebuilt. Through dedicated research into the dimensional gates and psychokinetic power, humans learned that the gates open when there is a singularity in this mysterious power. However, their understanding of the gates was still incomplete. The CLOSERS who survived the First Dimensional War became part of an organization called UNION. Together, they researched the psychokinetic power in all over the world, working to prevent another dimensional war. And that's when the dimensional gates all over the world started shaking again - as ever stronger outbreed creatures renewed the attack on earth. (Source: Wikipedia)
Lu Jin Nian and Qiao An Hao were not married by choice. On the first day of their wedding night, Qiao An Hao made three rules regarding their marriage. One, you are not allowed to touch me. Two, you are not allowed to announce publicly that I'm your wife. Three, you are not allowed to say that we are living together. (Source: MU)
The 4th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.
A spin-off of the Inazuma Eleven soccer anime franchise. The first episode features the Fubuki brothers, and the second features the Ohisama En.
It is rumored that girls are particularly vulnerable while riding trains. In such a situation, can one not help but indulge in their ultimate fantasy?
One day, after the ending of World Dance Battle Royale, it has been unexpectedly decided that the nonet will work together with "Ootori" members from Ootoriutain High School to create a drama. The drama is an original story based on Cinderella with an arrangement. It has been decided that Momoko Asahina will play Cinderella and Miyabi Kunishiro the prince. Also, an unexpected role has been decided for Kokomi Shiina. A drama between a slightly different nonet and Ootori members has begun. (Sourc: MAL News)
(No synopsis yet.)
The coming-of-age battle story will center on the famous 17th-century Japanese warlord Date Masamune when he was young. The Date clan took its name from the Date region of the former Mutsu province, which comprises part of the modern-day city of Date. The anime will be the first in the city's "Kirari na Wonder Project" (Twinkling Wonder Project), which aims to highlight tourist attractions and the appeal of the region. Gainax's newly founded Fukushima studio will work on the anime, and will complete it at the end of March. The anime will have a private screening in April and will also screen in anime events and be posted online. (Source: ANN)
This was the Secret Video that was shown in Anime premiere event. It tells the story of, Ain, a secretive timekeeper during the events of Elsword: El-ui Yeoin's first episode. (Source: 2nafish)
- A strange phenomenon is overtaking the world?! - After defeating the War Gods, Ren and his friends are living the dream. It seems like they've finally managed to regain their normal lives. However, a mysterious girl by the name of Pandora appears, bringing with her a box that must never be opened. An unfortunate incident results in the box opening (of course), setting the world up for some big changes... (Source: YouTube)
An anime collaboration between Osomatsu-san and the Japan Racing Association. 
- They deserve better. Someone better than me... - The stage is set one year before Ren arrives in Kaminohara. Akira has moved to Kaminohara from Sendai, all for the sake of revenge. The wounds that his sister suffered in an MS battle fuel his vengeance. A lost Haruma is given directions by Akira, revealing a caring side to the usually cold and calculating teen. Haruma observes Akira's violent MS battles, and realizes that Akira fights while reading his enemies' attacks. Haruma proposes the idea of recruiting Akira to his teammates, Aoi and Minami. Surprised and naturally reluctant, Aoi and Minami decide to trust Haruma. For Haruma has resisted recruiting the fourth member of their team, saving the spot for the right person... (Source: AniDB)
Inside a majestic museum, a young warrior gets attacked by shadow beasts born from people's fear and uncertainty over what they don't know. The warrior fights against them using the energy charger on his waist, but soon the energy runs out. In this desperate situation, he finds a new, unexpected source of power. (Source: YouTube)
Dongguo Xiaojie, a young girl, has lived together with her mother ever since she was little. On the year she turned sixteen, her mother suddenly contracted a "Grave Illness". To save her mother, Dongguo Xiaojie set foot into the unknown on a dangerous journey. Accompanying her on this journey is her sworn elder brother Mo Zixuan and the mysterious youth, Life's Hardship. However, danger arises again and again as they are continuously attacked by people they meet on their journey. Just what conspiracy is hidden behind this journey? (Source: You Tube)
This short commemorates the 5th anniversary of The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls game featuring the cast as they will be shown in the Cinderella Girls Gekijou anime coming out in 2017. The girls contemplate half a decade passing and worry about aging and their progress as idols.
A fan appreciation special movie release on Square Enix's official youtube channel which indicated that Jan 1, 2017 will be the start of a collaboration with Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius, a mobile mmorpg launched in Japan over a year prior. We see the popular cartoon character Malboro-kun as he hilariously runs away from a monster, when Yama-chan appears and makes short work of the tentacled threat. Yama-chan is the owner of a bar in the immigrant district in Insomnia, where the Kingsglaive members often go to dine, as we can see in a scene of the film itself. He's known for his dish Malbo Smul, and this time around we get to see how he procures his meat. Incidentally, Yama-chan's fighting style definitely looks like that of a Glaive, so apparently there is more to him than meets the eye.  (Source: dualshockers.com)
The animated opening for Square Enix and Kadokawa Game’s Akashic Re:cords RPG mobile game which launched for Android and iOS on November 10, 2016. The game had a short lived run and was terminated on August 31, 2017. 
An adaption of the manga Whistle! which is to stream in 2017.
The anime's plot is taken from the 41st volume of the original manga's "Figure Wars" story. The story begins when toys of Oban, a character from a tokusatsu (special effects) television show, becomes popular, but also loses popualrity quickly. Many unsold Oban toys are thrown away. A bolt of lightning strikes one of these toys one day, and gives it life. Alongside other toys thrown away by people, Oban swears revenge on humans, and attacks. At the same time, Oban's sworn enemy Chūkōnen Kamen is also given life. Chūkōnen Kamen, normally a middle-aged, overweight, and depressed man, powers up by eating cup noodles. Alongside Shinnosuke, he will fight to reclaim peace for the world. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Akira is in the midst of the final battle between the human race and vampires. He only has 47 days until Japan is turned into an island of vampires. (Source: ANN)
The digital sale/airing of the Chain Chronicle: Haecceitas no Hikari movies includes its own unique version of the Chain Chronicle chibi shorts, different from the chibi shorts shown with the theater airing. Their focus is on the female cast.
The official OP of the Ragnarök mobile game in China. The game itself launched January 19, 2017 for ioS. March 1, 2017 is the planned release on all platforms. This OP was animated in Japan and features a composition by dAice, Japanese lyrics by Yuki Kawamura, and sung by Chinese idol group ATF.
The anime illustrates how the three protocols/standards handle a request (an online video purchase) from the user by handing off packets of data between them. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Years ago, Zong Shuai from the Middle State, Wanyan Zang from the Northern Land, and Wen Taiji from the Southern Territory suffered great loss during their fight for the hegemony of the world. As a result, a 20-year truce was established. Now, with the deal coming to an end, conflicts are brewing in the ostensible peace. In hatred and suspicion, the three families set up their respective Blood Orders, listing the names of the most important people of the hostile families and swearing to hunt them down. A breathtaking war is about to commence.
The story centers on a 19-year-old female video shop clerk named Chiaki Sakata and Inari, a elementary school boy who keeps sneaking into the adult section. (Source: ANN)
Fully animated trailers for Square Enix's Star Ocean: Anamnesis RPG mobile game franchise which launched for Android and iOS on December 5th, 2016. 
In a day like any other, Cao Xiao Man's brother, Xiao Bei, is stabbed by a man after defending a mysterious girl. Due to the incident, and to buy medicine for his brother, Cao Xiao Man decides to earn money in a rather strange way: cross-dressing as a girl and seducing men. When he arrives to his client's house everything seems to go as planned, but the client soon discovers that Cao Xiao Man is, in fact, a boy. He decides to put Cao Xiao Man in a game where he is turned into a girl. In order for Cao Xiao Man to go back to being a boy he needs to complete the game and find the 7 Loyalties located all over the country. (Source: YouTube)
An epilogue of Master of Torque shows what the series' characters are up to one year after the events of Season 3 at the foot of Mt. Fuji. (Source: Official Email)
A Tsutaetai, Kokoro no Tegami (wedding, elderly aid, and funeral company) commissioned work from Tekken showing a son recounting the love of his mother as she supported his ailing father.
Gorou Joe is a boy who lives a carefree life in the small historical town of Gujo Hachiman in Gifu prefecture. One day an old self-professed "water fairy" appears in front of Joe, and tells him to help people, and grants Joe the power to turn into "GJ8 Man" (a pun on Gujo Hachiman, as the number 8 is pronounced "hachi" in Japanese, and the "hachi" in "Hachiman" uses the kanji for the number 8). (Source: ANN)
An animation staring Gelée, an anthropomorphic cat character created by DLE.
A Christmas special of Kamigami no Ki "aired" between episode 4 and 5. It was a web only release.
A collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope and J-League's Levain Cup soccer tournament.
An independent production by Rabbit MACHINE. A school girl with galaxy hair flies through space.
Various animated videos for Midori-chan, the mascot of Sammy Co.'s pachislot and pachinko games. The videos are web-exclusive releases on Sammy Co.'s official YouTube channel. Midori-chan was launched in 2016 debuting in her "Nice to meAt you☆" video. A 'full' version was released the following year but contains very little recycled footage, essentially giving her two significantly different debut videos.  The main purpose of Midori-chan is to promote the Myslot (マイスロ) app which allows people to register their gaming through their mobile device which uses QR Codes to let players see and archive their gaming statistics. It also allows users to win prizes, be ranked against others, play minigames (in the app), collect trophies, and find fellow pachinko friends. Midori-chan has also gone on to have her own digital 4-koma manga (2 different ones), LINE stickers, a book, and apparel line.
Collaboration episodes between the undergarment brand Wacoal and the comedy anime franchise Kamiusagi Rope.
A short celebrating the new 2017 year, released by the animation studio dwarf.
The first web-season of G.G. Bond, episodes were later televised on a select few TV channels. This season is meant to be more educational than the main series line. Each episode focuses on 1 country as the cast travels the world solving riddles while learning about the culture. And of course, fighting crime while at it.
Bundled with 5bp's Yahari Game Demo Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Zoku game for the PlayStation Vita. It adapts a story focusing on Iroha Isshiki from volume 10.5 of the original light novel. 
The second season of Strike the Blood which adapts three arcs from the 9th, 11th, and 12th light novel volumes. 
On their way back from the 18th floor, Hestia, Bell, and the others accidentally uncover a hidden, mystical hot spring, and they decide to stop by to refresh themselves until creatures lurking in the dark appear to attack them.
Due to a mysterious disease, the genius Iria Akagami has been forced by her family to stay in a mansion on the isolated Wet Crow's Feather Island with only a handful of maids. To keep herself entertained, Iria invites a variety of fellow geniuses to stay as guests in her home, including computer savant Tomo Kunagisa and her unnamed assistant, skilled fortune-teller Maki Himena, famous artist Kanami Ibuki, academic scholar Akane Sonoyama, and renowned cook Yayoi Sashirono. These visits progress as normal until one of the guests is found gruesomely murdered in the night without a single clue as to the identity of the killer or a possible motive. Tensions rise between those on the island as the killer remains at large, and Tomo's assistant takes it upon himself to uncover the culprit's identity before the murderous events progress any further. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
During a physical exam, Miia, Centorea, and Mero discover that they have gained too much weight due to Kimihito Kurusu's delicious cooking. To remedy this, Polt offers them first use of her new pool and gym facility before its grand opening. However, it's not all fun and games, as the three girls' competitive spirits start to flare up! Meanwhile, when Rachnera Arachnera receives a letter from her previous host family, she finds out that they would like to meet with her and apologize for the events that caused her transfer. But, as it turns out, not only do they want to apologize, they want her back as well! When the family's daughter, Ren Kunanzuki, shows up at the front door, the gang must convince her to let Rachnera stay at Kimihito's house.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
OVAs adapting the 4 omake chapters of the same name and bundled with the special edition of the 55th, 58th and 59th volumes of the manga.
What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass? The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla." The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed. (Source: Official website)
New episodes bundled with the limited edition eighth and ninth manga volumes.
Nanami Momozono, current land god of Mikage Shrine, and her fox familiar Tomoe have faced many obstacles during their time together, but none so challenging as the one posed by the wealth god Ookununishi—if Tomoe’s wish to be human is granted, he must learn to live as one, and Nanami will have to return to being a human. As the couple look to the future and reflect on their former adventures, Nanami tries to figure out their new living situation as her high school graduation approaches. But no matter the path they choose to walk, Tomoe and Nanami’s love will endure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
(No synopsis yet.)
It's been a few months since Kiyoshi quit his job to fulfill his dream of running a candy store in the outskirts of Tokyo. He wanted to live the rest of his life watching little girls. His plan was a success, with the kids from the nearby school visiting his shop every day and talking with him happily like friends. However, soon after summer vacation started, something happened with some of his customers. Thus begins his summer vacation with small girls. 
New OVAs slated for release in Fall 2016. The OVAs will include two new characters, Cleric and Kunoichi. (Source: MAL News)
It's only the end of November and the hot springs town Yomase-machi was already a winter wonderland, having been dyed white from the falling snow. Yuuki moved to this snowy town to help his grandparents shovel snow at their home, the former boarding house Yamanouchi-sou. He met many warm-hearted people, including the shrine maiden Sayuki who worries about her inability to properly greet strangers, his mysterious but playful housemate and senpai Mizuki, and the local café's cheerful and energetic kouhai mascot Koharu. Even though he was still feeling lost, he tried to get used to living in this snowy land. During that time, his grandfather suggested that he find love while he is still young and lead a new life in earnest. Now's the time for him to take the first step and fall in love. (Source: VNDB)
On the night of her birthday, Minase Arisa is inexplicably thrown into a Wonderland much like the one from Lewis Carroll's classic, a strange fairytale-like place that keeps repeating the same day over and over again. What's more, its inhabitants—each bearing an uncanny resemblance to someone whom Arisa knows in real life—insist that she is, in fact, their "Alice." Will Arisa be able to get away? Or will she choose... (Source: VNDB)
Based on the adult manga by Toruneko. 
Based on the manga by Fue.
A 15-minute trailer bundled with the limited edition of 14th Baki-Dou manga volume. Despite being bundled with Baki-Dou, it will adapt part of the "Most Evil Death Row Convicts" arc from Baki: New Grappler Baki. The arc features underground ring fighters in the no-rules combat environment of death row convicts.
After becoming a tutor for his sister Miu and her friend Riko, Kanata quickly discovers that he is much more popular than he makes himself out to be. (Source: VNDB)
The first episode will focus on the past between Kogorou Akechi and the Fiend With Twenty Faces, while the second will focus on the Boy Detectives Club before Kobayashi and Hanazaki met. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Shuuji finds out his classmate takes on a job as a crossdresser and gets interested in joining him.
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the manga by Yoshiron. 
Based on the manga by Jyoka.
The entire Jurai and Masaki family is in a celebratory mood as Nobuyuki and Rea are finally tying the knot! In the days leading up to his father's wedding, Tenchi reunites with those he met throughout his journey as well as gets acquainted with some new family members. Though this is a blissful time where everyone is finally together, there is one major bump in the road: Rea holds a major secret that will change the fate of her future child and disturb the balance of the Masaki family.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the Doujinshi by Uran. 
The 20-minute animation that bridges the gap between the original Gravity Rush and Gravity Rush 2. Featuring Kat "Gravity Queen" and her friends Raven and Syd. Can they find more clues about the fearsome enemy threatening to unravel the fabric of the universe?
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
The story follows an elementary school teacher's sexual fantasy when measuring girls' bodies. Kanae Koda is absent on the day of physical examinations so the teacher asks her to stay behind after school.
Uro Yamada works as part of the "Hero Retirement and Return to Everyday Life Assistance Agency," which takes heroes from another world back to Earth and helps them reintegrate into everyday life. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
In 1944, Suzu Urano moves to the small town of Kure in Hiroshima where she marries Shuusaku Houjou—a young clerk who works at the local naval base. Living with his family, Suzu becomes essential to the running of the household and creatively prepares meals during the tough wartime conditions while also carrying out daily housework. In 1945, intense bombings by the U.S. military finally reach Kure with devastating effect to the townsfolk and their way of life. Suzu's life is changed irrevocably, but through perseverance and courage, she manages to continue to live life to the fullest. (Source: Animatsu Entertainment)
Twenty-six-year-old Hiroto Suwa; his wife, Naho; and their old high school classmates—Takako Chino, Azusa Murasaka, and Saku Hagita—visit Mt. Koubou to view the cherry blossoms together. While watching the setting sun, they reminisce about Kakeru Naruse, their friend who died 10 years ago. Mourning for him, they decide to visit Kakeru's old home, where they learn the secret of his death from his grandmother. Filled with regret, Suwa and his friends decide to write letters to their 16-year-old past selves to set their hearts at rest. With the knowledge contained in the letter from his future self, 16-year-old Suwa has the chance to rewrite the future. What choices will he make? What will happen in this new future? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Death does not have to be the end; one can live again, but only through beating the game posed by the black ball called Gantz.  On his way home to celebrate his younger brother's birthday, brave and kind-hearted student named Masaru Katou is stabbed to death. He awakes in a small room with a cityscape view in the heart of Tokyo—and he is not alone. To his surprise, it is not the afterlife, but the waiting room for a high stakes game with their lives on the line. Before he has the chance to process the situation, Masaru is handed a gun and teleported into the center of Osaka to carry out one simple task: eliminate any alien on sight.  Accompanied by the aged Yoshikazu Suzuki, the stunning idol Reika Shimohira, and the cold but experienced Jouichirou Nishi, Masaru must overcome his fears in order to survive the game and return home to his waiting brother.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following Natsuki Enomoto's confession rehearsals with Yuu Setoguchi, their younger siblings Kotarou and Hina struggle to confess their own love. Despite a disastrous first meeting in middle school with her upperclassman Koyuki Ayase, Hina’s heart is captured by his warm smile. Initially confused by these newfound feelings, Hina soon realizes that she has fallen in love for the very first time. Chasing after her brother Yuu and her crush Koyuki, Hina also enrolls in Sakuragaoka High School; but the threads of love are far-reaching, and they entangle Hina and her friends. Boisterous but sensitive, Hina hopes to confess her feelings to the tender-hearted Koyuki. Meanwhile, Kotarou, oblivious to his own feelings for her, is determined to always keep Hina smiling. Suki ni Naru Sono Shunkan wo.: Kokuhaku Jikkou linkai follows Hina, Kotarou, and Koyuki in high school. Their youthful love forges new relationships, but also threatens to break others. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A compilation film of the Ansatsu Kyoushitsu TV series, featuring anime-only epilogue scenes not originally in the manga.
(No synopsis yet.)
A spin-off of Ansatsu Kyoushitsu.
Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared... (Source: MAL News)
Compilation film of the first half of the TV series. 
Third of three compilation films of the Kuroko no Basket franchise. Rakuzan and Shutoku face off in the semi finals at the Winter Cup. Despite struggling with Akashi's Emperor Eye that sees through everything, Midorima and Takao fight back with their consecutive plays, and the whole Shutoku team bites back at Rakuzan. However, it doesn't take long before Akashi crushes all of their hopes. It is decided that the finals will be fought between Seirin and Rakuzan. Kagami immediately enters the Zone as soon as the match starts, but it is no match for Akashi. Facing an extreme difference in ability against Rakuzan, Seirin loses their hope a number of times during the match. However, Kuroko doesn't give up, and continues to strongly fight against Akashi. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Second of three compilation films of the Kuroko no Basket franchise. Seirin faces off with Yosen in the quarter finals of the Winter Cup. Facing Yosen’s impenetrable defense with Murasakibara at its center, Kuroko manages to shoot his first point. Meanwhile, the ace battle between Kagami and Himuro also heats up. An intense battle is held until the very end. Next, Seirin faces off with Kaijo in the semi finals. Cautious of Kaijo's ace, Kise, and his Perfect Copy ability, Seirin works fast and hard to take the lead. Kise hurts his leg and is benched, so Seirin thinks they now have their chance, but then Kaijo shows them exactly what they can do even without Kise. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The episode is set during a school festival where Shinobu is assigned to write a script and make outfits for her class play. Youko and Alice notice that Shinobu is sleepy every morning and are worried that she might be getting tired of all the work. Will Shinobu be able to successfully complete all her tasks in time? (Source: MAL News)
Shintarou Kisaragi—a NEET who shut himself inside his room for 2 years—has been living his life normally until he met a cyber girl named Ene, who appeared in his computer screen when someone anonymously sent him a mysterious e-mail one year ago. One day, Ene had been messing with Shintaro's PC, which causes him have to go to the outside world for first time in two years. (Source: Official site)
The story begins the day before the graduation ceremony. Five middle school girls each are preoccupied with their real everyday lives. These girls meet each other in a fantasy world after being sent there through a sudden occurrence. There, they learn about the impending crisis that this world is facing. The way to avert this crisis is for the five to collaborate and bring their five hearts together as one through dance. However, the five cannot come to love the world, and cannot tell their true feelings to one another, so their hearts are unable to unite. The time limit is fast approaching. Can the dance of the five girls save the world? And will they be able to graduate? (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A Tokyo One Piece Tower exclusive film. It's a tie-in to a real treasure hunting event in collaboration with Takarush Corp. for a limited time called Treasure Hunting: Tongari Shima no Daibouken. During this you’ll decipher the mysteries of ancient documents found by Luffy, Usopp, and Chopper, and then set out to find the nest of the mysterious animal known as Tongari Ton!  The film itself begins at the end of your treasure hunting adventure at the Tokyo One Piece Tower, where the Straw Hat Crew are tricked into opening a chest in a cave thinking it's where the Tongari Island treasure is.  (Source: Otakumode)
The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
The Monster Strike film will feature a character named Lucifer.
Animation studio Sunrise has announced at AnimeJapan 2016 that its 2006 mecha anime series Zegapain will be re-edited into a movie titled Zegapain ADP. The movie will also include new scenes not present in the TV anime. (Source: MAL News)
The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
Toei Animation has announced that a movie for Mahoutsukai! Precure will premiere in October 2016. 
Third Youkai Watch movie.
Short screened alongside the Mahoutsukai Precure! Movie. 
Each of the three Chain Chronicle: Haecceitas no Hikari films will run with a "Chen-Kuro Gakuen" (Chen-Kuro Academy) short. "Chen-Kuro" is a diminutive way of shortening Chain Chronicle in Japanese. (Source: ANN)
The T-Joy theater chain will also screen three "Kine-Pass Gekijou" (Kine-Pass Theater) commercials to promote its Kine-Pass ticket sales app using the chibified Chen-Kuro Gakuen characters. (Source: ANN)
Joo-hee, a perfect student and the hottest girl in school, is majoring in pure arts and dreams of going to France. She's a role model for everyone as she is beautiful and talented. Jeong-woo, her fellow schoolmate and a web-toon writer wannabe, and has a crush on Joo-hee but he doesn't dare approach her. One day, Jeong-woo finds out that Joo-hee is a student by day, but a "ten-pro" call girl at night. They become close now that they share a secret. Materially and emotionally, Jeong-woo helps Joo-hee as she wants to graduate with lots of money and with high grades. However, Jeong-woo's first girlfriend, Dong-hwa, also finds out about Joo-hee's secret, leading to all sorts of rumors and X-files about Joo-hee spreading. (Source: AniDB)
(No synopsis yet.)
An animated archive of imaginary monsters written by a fictitious monsterologist in Medieval Europe. This work depicts the habits of monsters using movement inspired by short phrases such as “Taste of Tears”, “Tamed Wildness”, etc. (Source: Yamamura Animation)
The Snack World follows a ragtag group of friends who embark on an adventure together. They live in a land similar to traditional fantasy settings but with certain modern twists like cell phones and convenience stores.
(No synopsis yet.)
An adaptation of a children's novel of the same name published in 1973. Endo Hiroko is the author, who was inspired to write the story from a tale her father told her as a child. It follows a 13 year old girl named Aki. During a pilgrimage to Sensou-ji (a Buddhist temple located in Asakusa, Tokyo), she found a mistake in the sangaku. News spread quickly of her intellect and eventually landed upon Arima Yoriyuki, the lord of the Kurume Domain (he himself was famous for finding the rational approximation of pi). He hired Aki to become an arithmetic teacher for the region's princess, but hired others as well. In a math competition, Aki fought against other geniuses and prodigies, all for the hopes of earning a wage so that she may one day open a school for poor children so that she can teach them arithmetic as well. 
In 2015, the Chaldea Security Organization draws on experts of both the magical and mundane fields to observe the future of mankind for possible extinction events. Humanity's survival seems assured for the next century—until the verdict suddenly changes, and now eradication of the species awaits at the end of 2016. The cause is unknown, but appears to be linked with the Japanese town of Fuyuki and the events of 2004 during the Fifth Holy Grail War. In response, Chaldea harnesses an experimental means of time travel, the Rayshift technology. With it, Ritsuka Fujimaru, a young man newly recruited to the organization, and the mysterious girl Mash Kyrielight, can travel back to 2004 and discover how to save humanity. A grand order to fight fate has been declared—an order to change the past and restore the future. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A special unaired episode of Musaigen no Phantom World bundled with the series' seventh DVD/BD volume.
An OVA episode bundled with the 11th manga volume.
Two special episodes of Getsuyoubi no Tawawa included on Blu-ray. 1. Ukkarimono daga Aisare Jouzu no Kawaii Kouhai 2. Ai-chan to Private Film
The "real" episode 1 of Detective Conan written by the Mangaka Gosho Aoyama.
Specials bundled in 3rd to 6th Volumes of Servamp.
Short specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
Specials bundled with the DVD/BD release of the main series.
Recap of the first 11 episodes of 3-gatsu no Lion.
The special anime adaptation of Boruto will be screening at Shueisha’s by-invitation anime event Jump Special Anime Festa 2016!
A picture drama special bundled with the BD/DVD release of the main film. It focuses on the relationship between Sena and Midori.
New Osomatsu-san special. 
Danganronpa 3 skits included in the Blu-ray Box Sets.
Short anime of Arslan Senki (TV) characters working in an office environment.  The first 3 episodes were released via NBCUniversal Anime/Music, and the remaining 3 episodes were released on October 5, 2016 when all 6 episodes were bundled in Volume 2 BD & DVD of Arslan Senki (TV): Fuujin Ranbu.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Short parody special released with Blu-ray BOX.
A bonus episode bundled with the DVD and Blu-ray releases taking place at a sports day.
A collaboration between the mobile game Ken to Mahou no Logless Inishie no Megami and the video game Fate/Extella (which takes place in the Fate/Extra and Fate/Extra CCC world). Advertising that Nero Claudius (and others) from the latter are now a playable characters in the former. Along with limited edition equipment and prizes the even ran from December 7-21, 2016. The commercial features some live-action imagery of the phone app but is predominately unique animated footage.
A special recap episode of Soushin Shoujo Matoi.
Specials included with the fourth volume of the DVD and Blu-ray disc.
91 Daze is a series of shorts included in various disk packages. They focus around Angelo, Nero, and sometimes Corteo in various comedic situations. (Source: 91-days.wikia)
2nd Broadcast of Buddy Go! of Oha Suta!
(No synopsis yet.)
Unaired episode 12.5 included with the Blu-ray Disc/DVD release. 
Ozmafia!! special included with the 1st volume of the DVD/BD.
Recap of the first four episodes of the Long Riders series.
TV collaboration commercials between JRA (Japanese Racing Association) and Osomatsu-san. The first episode promotes the G1 Series. The second episode promotes the Japan Cup. And the third episode promotes the Grand Prix.
The special episode was bundled with the complete series DVD set and focuses on a school sports festival.
Old friends Cabbage and Pea reunite under awkward circumstances.
Shammy gets into a fight with a shadow boy.
TV commercials for Shin Biofermin S, a lactic acid bacteria probiotic supplement manufactured by Biofermin Pharmaceutical. The first commercial explains how the supplement improves intestinal flora and the mechanisms behind it.
