Eighth-grader Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama has tapped into his inner wellspring of psychic prowess at a young age. But the power quickly proves to be a liability when he realizes the potential danger in his skills. Choosing to suppress his power, Mob's only present use for his ability is to impress his longtime crush, Tsubomi, who soon grows bored of the same tricks. In order to effectuate control on his skills, Mob enlists himself under the wing of Arataka Reigen, a con artist claiming to be a psychic, who exploits Mob's powers for pocket change. Now, exorcising evil spirits on command has become a part of Mob's daily, monotonous life. However, the psychic energy he exerts is barely the tip of the iceberg; if his vast potential and unrestrained emotions run berserk, a cataclysmic event that would render him completely unrecognizable will be triggered. The progression toward Mob's explosion is rising and attempting to stop it is futile. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The qualifiers of the Autumn Elections are now over, and only eight talented chefs remain. Now, they face off in one-on-one food wars, each with their own unique themes. Met with both new judges and new opponents all with their own specialties, Souma must stay on his toes if he hopes to make it to the top of both the Autumn Elections and Tootsuki Culinary Academy. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Dismissed as a hopeless loser by those around him, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki bounces around from one job to another after quitting his first company. His unremarkable existence takes a sharp turn when he meets Ryou Yoake, a member of the ReLife Research Institute, who offers Arata the opportunity to change his life for the better with the help of a mysterious pill. Taking it without a second thought, Arata awakens the next day to find that his appearance has reverted to that of a 17-year-old. Arata soon learns that he is now the subject of a unique experiment and must attend high school as a transfer student for one year. Though he initially believes it will be a cinch due to his superior life experience, Arata is proven horribly wrong on his first day: he flunks all his tests, is completely out of shape, and can't keep up with the new school policies that have cropped up in the last 10 years. Furthermore, Ryou has been assigned to observe him, bringing Arata endless annoyance. ReLIFE follows Arata's struggle to adjust to his hectic new lifestyle and avoid repeating his past mistakes, all while slowly discovering more about his fellow classmates. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Naho Takamiya's first day of her sophomore year of high school is off to an uneasy start. After waking up late, she receives a strange letter addressed to her. However, the letter is from herself—10 years in the future! At first, Naho is skeptical of the note; yet, after witnessing several events described to take place, she realizes the letter really is from her 26-year-old self. The note details that Naho's future life is filled with regrets, and she hopes that her younger self can correct the mistakes that were made in the past. The letter also warns her to keep a close eye on the new transfer student, Kakeru Naruse. Naho must be especially careful in making decisions involving him, as Kakeru is not around in the future. With the letter as her guide, Naho now has the power to protect Kakeru before she comes to regret it once more. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As a child living in the town of Lawless, Angelo Lagusa has witnessed a tragedy: his parents and younger brother have been mercilessly slaughtered by the Vanetti mafia family. Losing everything he holds dear, he leaves both his name and hometown behind, adopting the new identity of Avilio Bruno. Seven years later, Avilio finally has his chance for revenge when he receives a mysterious letter prompting him to return to Lawless. Obliging, he soon encounters the Vanetti don's son, Nero, and seeks to befriend him using the skills he has quietly honed for years. Set during the Prohibition era, 91 Days tells the story of Avilio's dark, bloodstained path to vengeance, as he slowly ends each of the men involved in the killing of his family. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Having taken the kingdom of Leones back from Holy Knights, the Seven Deadly Sins, along with Elizabeth and Hawk, can finally enjoy the peaceful lives they earned. However, with premonitions of a new threat looming, their happy, ordinary days are about to end... (Source: ANN, edited)
To the average person, psychic abilities might seem a blessing; for Kusuo Saiki, however, this couldn't be further from the truth. Gifted with a wide assortment of supernatural abilities ranging from telepathy to x-ray vision, he finds this so-called blessing to be nothing but a curse. As all the inconveniences his powers cause constantly pile up, all Kusuo aims for is an ordinary, hassle-free life—a life where ignorance is bliss. Unfortunately, the life of a psychic is far from quiet. Though Kusuo tries to stay out of the spotlight by keeping his powers a secret from his classmates, he ends up inadvertently attracting the attention of many odd characters, such as the empty-headed Riki Nendou and the delusional Shun Kaidou. Forced to deal with the craziness of the people around him, Kusuo comes to learn that the ordinary life he has been striving for is a lot more difficult to achieve than expected. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Since childhood, Aoba Suzukaze has loved the Fairies Story game series, particularly the character designs. So when she graduates from high school, it is no surprise that she applies to work at Eagle Jump, the company responsible for making her favorite video game. On her first day, she is excited to learn that she will be working on a new installment to the series: Fairies Story 3—and even more so under Kou Yagami, the lead character designer. In their department are people who share the same passion for games. There is Yun Iijima, whose specialty is designing monsters; the shy Hifumi Takimoto, who prefers to communicate through instant messaging; Hajime Shinoda, an animation team member with an impressive figurine collection; Rin Tooyama, the orderly art director; Shizuku Hazuki, the game director who brings her cat to work; and Umiko Ahagon, the short-tempered head programmer. New Game! follows Aoba and the others on their adventure through the ups and downs of game making, from making the perfect character design to fixing all the errors that will inevitably accumulate in the process. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sorey is a human youth who grew up among the seraphim, spiritual beings not visible to humans. Sorey believes in the folklore that says "long ago, every human was able to see the seraphim" and dreams of unraveling the ancient mystery to make the world a place where people and seraphim can live together in peace. One day, Sorey visits the human capital for the very first time. He becomes embroiled in an incident during which he pulls out a holy sword embedded in a rock and ends up becoming a Shepherd, one who casts away calamity from the world. He begins to realize the gravity of his mission, and his dream of coexistence between mankind and the seraphim becomes more intense— And thus, the Shepherd embarks on an amazing journey with his companions. (Source: Official site)
Ikta Solork is a carefree young man who only wants two things in life: a woman on his arm and a place to nap. Unfortunately, his peaceful life is destroyed when war breaks out between the Katjvarna Empire and the neighboring Republic of Kioka. Ikta and his childhood friend, Yatorishino Igsem, join the army as military officers, where they meet the infantryman Matthew Tetojirichi, the sniper Torway Remion, and the medic Haroma Becker on a boat heading for the military exam site. However, after a rogue storm sinks their vessel, the five of them end up in enemy territory near a military outpost. There, they discover that the heir to the Katjvarnan throne, Princess Chamille Kitora Katjvanmaninik, has been taken hostage. The five are able to rescue her, and as a reward, each one of them is granted the title of Imperial Knight—one of the highest honors a soldier can receive. It seems that Ikta will have to put his dream of tranquility on hold, as he must now become the hero he never wanted to be. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Now branded for death and destined to be hunted by demons until the day he dies, Guts embarks on a journey to defy such a gruesome fate, as waves of beasts relentlessly pursue him. Steeling his resolve, he takes up the monstrous blade Dragonslayer and vows to exact vengeance on the one responsible, hunting down the very man he once looked up to and considered a friend. Along the way, he encounters some unlikely allies, such as a small elf named Puck, and Isidro, a young thief looking to learn swordsmanship from the former mercenary. As the ragtag group slowly comes together after having decided to join Guts in his quest, they will face incredible danger unlike anything they have ever experienced before. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Since the death of his wife, Kouhei Inuzuka has been caring for his young daughter Tsumugi to the best of his abilities. However, with his lack of culinary knowledge and his busy job as a teacher, he is left relying on ready-made meals from convenience stores to feed the little girl. Frustrated at his own incapability to provide a fresh, nutritious meal for his daughter, Kouhei takes up an offer from his student, Kotori Iida, to come have dinner at her family's restaurant. But on their very first visit, the father and daughter discover that the restaurant is often closed due to Kotori's mother being away for work and that Kotori often eats alone. After much pleading from his pupil, Kouhei decides to continue to go to the restaurant with Tsumugi to cook and share delicious homemade food with Kotori. Amaama to Inazuma follows the heartwarming story of a caring father trying his hardest to make his adorable little daughter happy, while exploring the meanings and values behind cooking, family, and the warm meals at home that are often taken for granted. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After Makoto Naegi and his fellow survivors escaped Hope's Peak Academy to the world beyond, they soon join the Future Foundation, an organization dedicated to combating despair. Just when all seems to be looking up, Naegi is arrested and tried for betrayal due to defending a malicious group of Remnants of Despair. Standing before all of the Future Foundation executives, he finds himself, along with Kyouko Kirigiri and Aoi Asahina, facing an unknown fate. The matter at hand only escalates when the organization's supposedly impenetrable security is hacked into by a familiar face: Monokuma. Much to Naegi's horror, the mechanical bear immediately announces the beginning of a new killing game, as moments later, the first victim appears as a signal for despair to resume its brutal conquest. In the conclusion to Danganronpa's gripping tale of hope and despair, Naegi, the Super High School-Level Lucky Student, must once again unravel the mystery as his colleagues and friends begin falling around him. However, there are no more class trials; among the 16 desperate participants, there is only one killer—and their death means the end of this infernal game. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seigi, a martial arts trained middle schooler, often feels driven to protect the weaker people around him. One day, he defends a homeless man against some punks, and the man gives him a strange tattoo on his palm in return. The tattoo is a secret weapon produced in the arms race between America and the Serinistan Kingdom. Seigi finds himself in over his head when a powerful girl, using the same secret weapon, violently pursues him in order to retrieve it. His skill at martial arts may not be enough to keep him alive, but will he be able to learn how to trigger the power of his tattoo in time? (Source: MU)
Mizuki Usami is a passionate member of her school's art club, but the club has a problem—Usami is the only member who takes her craft seriously! The lazy club president constantly sleeps through activities and Collette hasn't regularly attended club activities in quite some time. Uchimaki Subaru, despite being an exceptional artist who could win an award if he tried, is obsessed with drawing the perfect 2D wife. Light-hearted and comedic in tone, Kono Bijutsubu ni wa Mondai ga Aru! follows Usami as she struggles to do art club-like activities, often obstructed by her motley crew of good-for-nothings and her distracting crush on Subaru. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hope's Peak Academy's unconventional class 77-B is about to have an even more eccentric addition: Chisa Yukizome, an alumna with the title of Super High School-Level Housekeeper—and their new homeroom teacher. Cheerful, passionate, and capable, Chisa immediately sets about correcting the students' problematic behavior and strengthening their relationships. It may not be easy dealing with diverse pupils ranging from princesses and nurses to yakuza and impossibly lucky students, but anything is possible with the power of hope. Meanwhile, Hajime Hinata, an unremarkable boy from the school's Reserve Course, longs for a talent. One day, he has an unexpected meeting with class 77-B's Super High School-Level Gamer Chiaki Nanami, who presents to him a new, hope-filled outlook on life. However, unbeknownst to him, the school's upper echelon is about to execute a sinister project centered around Hajime that will bring Hope's Peak—and the rest of the world—to its knees. Zetsubou-hen chronicles the daily lives carried out at the talent-cultivating academy, and the darkness that lurks beneath. As despair slowly infects hope, plans are put into motion to start the Biggest, Most Awful, Most Tragic Event in Human History, and the end begins. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hida Kizuna possesses the HHG (Heart Hybrid Gear) ability, but it is not strong enough to make him particularly important. His older sister calls him to transfer to a strategic defense school, where many of the students (many of which are large-breasted girls) use their HHG abilities to fight invaders from another world while wearing extremely skimpy pilot outfits. Kizuna's fighting ability doesn't measure up, but his sister has another plan—apparently having erotic experiences with Kizuna will allow the girls to replenish their energy or power-up. It looks like his new school life is going to be full of embarrassment. (Source: MangaHelpers)
Mahiru Shirota firmly believes that simple is best and troublesome things should be avoided at all costs. It is troublesome to do nothing and regret it later—and this ideology has led the 15-year-old to pick up a stray cat on his way home from school. As he affectionately names the feline Kuro, little does he know that this chance meeting will spark an extraordinary change in his everyday life. One day, Mahiru returns home to find something quite strange: a mysterious young man he has never seen before. His subsequent panic results in the uninvited guest being exposed to sunlight and—much to Mahiru's shock—transforming into Kuro! Upon revealing himself as a mere lazy shut-in vampire, Kuro promises to leave once night falls. However, one disaster after another leads to Mahiru accidentally forming a contract with his new freeloader, dragging him into a life-threatening battle of supernatural servants and bloodthirsty beings that is anything but simple. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hated by everyone around him, Sei Handa goes about his high school life regarded as an outcast—or at least that's what he believes. In reality, Sei is the most popular student on campus, revered by all for his incomparable calligraphy skills, good looks, and cool personality. However, due an endless series of misunderstandings, Handa perceives the worship he receives from his legions of fans as bullying, leading the school's idol to shut himself off from the rest of his classmates. But distancing himself from his peers doesn't deter them from adoring him; in fact, his attempts at drawing attention away from himself often end up unintentionally converting even the most skeptical of students into believers. Fashion models, shut-in delinquents, obsessive fangirls, and more—none can stand against the brilliance that is Sei Handa. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kazamatsuri, a modern, well-developed city renowned for its burgeoning greenery and rich Japanese culture, is home to Kotarou Tennouji, a high schooler least privy to the place's shared values. Content to fill his pockets with frivolity, the proud and nosey boy whiles away his time pestering the self-proclaimed delinquent Haruhiko, and indulging in his amorous feelings toward the oddball Kotori. Equipped with the superhuman ability to permanently rewrite any part of his body to multiply his strength or speed, Kotarou is naturally drawn to the supernatural. One special meeting with the lone member and president of the Occult Research Club, the "Witch" Akane Senri, leads to Kotarou reviving the Occult Club by recruiting Kotori and three other members: the clumsy transfer student Chihaya, the strict class representative Lucia, and the unassuming Shizuru. As Kotarou unveils hidden secrets of each member of the Occult Club through their shared adventures, he will inevitably encounter a fate that only he might be able to rewrite. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Despite the recent Akuma attack, the members of the Black Order are in high spirits as they set about moving to a new base. Immediately upon his arrival, however, Allen Walker is suddenly called by the Central Agency and has his arm forcefully sealed by the Order. He is then led to a surprising meeting with his master, General Cross Marian, who reveals staggering secrets surrounding the enigmatic 14th Noah. A phantom thief incident, the arrival of a mysterious group of Exorcists, the death of an important comrade, and an all-out battle against the Noah Family—just what does this mean for Allen, Yuu Kanda, and the rest of the Order? This is but the beginning of a series of strange, seemingly unconnected events that lead to something far greater. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story takes place in a world where people continue their war against the "unknown"—the enemy of humanity. Children who have been evacuated to a cold sleep facility during the invasion by the "unknown" several decades ago wake up from their slumber and learn that their bodies developed some supernatural forces. In order to protect the country from the "unknown" emerging from the Tokyo bay gate, the boys and girls wage battles in the defense the cities of Tokyo, Kanagawa, and Chiba. (Source: Official site)
Chika Takami, a self-proclaimed normal girl, has never been involved in any clubs and lacked any notable talents. However, after a visit to Tokyo, she discovers a stage where even an ordinary girl like her could shine—the world of school idols. Inspired by the former superstar school idol group μ's, Chika is determined to start her own school idol club in her seaside hometown at Uranohoshi Girl's High School. But even before gathering any students to join the group, the aspiring school idol finds her greatest obstacle to be student council president Dia Kurosawa who stands firmly against the creation of the club. Just when it seems there is no hope, Chika meets Riko Sakurauchi, a transfer student from Otonokizaka High School, home of μ's. Somewhat shy but a talented piano player, Chika believes her to be a promising recruit, though convincing her to join is easier said than done. In spite of that, Chika chooses to charge forward and overcome the obstacles keeping her from forming a school idol group that shines as bright as the nine that came before her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Continuing on his quest to retake Ecbatana, Prince Arslan and his company march toward the city. But upon receiving news that the neighboring Kingdom of Turan is launching an assault on the Parsian stronghold at Peshawar Citadel, the prince is forced to turn back in order to defend the fortress. Amid holding off the invading forces, the Parsian army is met by an unexpected visitor. As Arslan returns to Peshawar, Prince Hermes takes a slight detour from his clash against his cousin to search for the legendary sword Rukhnabad, which would grant him the right to rule and take back what he believes is rightfully his. However, after unearthing the lost artifact, the blade is stolen by the Temple Knights of Lusitania, prompting the masked warrior to give chase. Meanwhile in Ecbatana, the captive King Andragoras III finds an opportunity to strike and begins to make his move. As the separate sides of the Parsian royal conflict clash, Arslan's right to the throne falls under attack. But no matter the obstacles in their way, the young prince and his loyal band of warriors charge forward to restore Pars to its former glory. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The series is about two boys named Tsukushi and Jin. Tsukushi is a boy with no special talent or traits while Jin is considered a soccer genius. On one stormy night, Jin meets Tsukushi, and they get dragged into the world of soccer. (Source: MAL News)
The start of Hanae Ashiya's high school career has not been easy—he has spent all of the first week in the infirmary, and his inexplicable condition is only getting worse. The cause of his torment is the mysterious fuzzy creature that has attached itself to him ever since he stumbled upon it the day before school began. As his health continues to decline and the creature grows in size, Hanae comes across a flyer advertising an exorcist who expels youkai. Desperate and with nothing left to lose, he calls the number and is led to the Mononokean, a tea room which suddenly appears next to the infirmary. A morose-sounding man, Haruitsuki Abeno, reluctantly helps Hanae but demands payment afterward. Much to Hanae's dismay, he cannot afford the fee and must become an employee at the Mononokean to work off his debt. And to make things worse, his new boss is actually one of his classmates. If Hanae ever hopes to settle his debt, he must work together with Abeno to guide a variety of dangerous, strange, and interesting youkai back to the Underworld. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
One day, on his way to visit his grandfather's grave, Zhang Chulan is attacked by zombies in a graveyard. In the midst of that situation, he is saved by a mysterious girl, who wields kitchen knives in order to kill the enemies. The girl tells Chulan, who is relieved, to face his hardships head on and leaves. However, Chulan later sees that girl again at his university. From that moment, Zhang Chulan's destiny begins to move. There will be strangers with special powers appearing one by one, with battles involving those abilities. Each episode will bring a new mystery to light.
Originally from a big city, Futaba Ooki spends most days cataloguing her life through pictures on her phone. Upon moving to a seaside town, she gazes out over the vast expanse of sea and quickly becomes captivated by its endless possibilities. Unbeknownst to Futaba, her quiet contemplation catches the attention of local diving enthusiast Hikari Kohinata. Finding herself in the same class as Futaba the next day, Hikari is drawn to her quiet and shy demeanor and affectionately nicknames her Teko, sparking a tender friendship.  Struggling to adapt to the change of pace in her life, Futaba finds herself strung along by Hikari's vast energy and passion for diving. Together, they join the school diving club, led by their homeroom teacher Mato Katori. With Hikari by her side, Futaba works to earn her diving certification while experiencing new friendships and possibilities. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Illya and the gang have finished their battle against the heroic spirit residing in the eighth class card. They're back in vacation mode again, looking to make the most of what they have left of summer break. But their hopes get crushed in the blink of an eye. An all-too-unrealistic silhouette appears before them when they go to investigate the strange event at Mount Enzou. After a short skirmish, the entire space ends up being warped. Illya wakes up in a wintry Fuyuki City... in a parallel world. This is the world where Miyu was born and raised. (Source: ANN)
Freshman Kaho Nikaidou is from an influential family, and as such, no one has ever said anything even remotely mean to her, for fear of incurring her household's wrath. Wishing to be around people who will not treat her as special because of her background, she leaves home to live at a dormitory for her new school year. Shortly after arriving, Kaho accidentally wanders into traffic and is saved by a tall, handsome stranger. When she asks for his name, he tells her she is weird and walks away. Having finally met the only person to ever say an unkind word to her, Kaho falls head over heels for her savior. After meeting her rescuer yet again and discovering that his name is Kanade Takahashi, she confesses her love to him. Kanade says he would like for them to be a couple, but that Kaho may not want to date him after she finds out his secret. To her shock, Kaho discovers the startling truth: Kanade is a fifth grader! Deciding that she can't date a fifth grader, Kaho intends to break up with him. But as she spends more time with Kanade, she begins to care for him even more and continues dating him. Hatsukoi Monster follows Kaho's first steps into love with Kanade, her immature, yet kind, fifth grade boyfriend. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sakaguchi is a high school boy and also a "fudanshi" who loves boys-love stories. He hangs out with his friends, a fujoshi named Rumi, his gay friend Yuujirou, fellow fudanshi Daigo, and his "normal" friend Nakamura. (Source: ANN)
After suffering from a shoulder injury, shy first-year university student Haruki Bandou gladly takes the opportunity to give up judo, failing to find happiness in the sport regardless of his family owning a dojo. He did not expect, however, that his best friend Kazuma Hashimoto would also decide to leave their university's judo club at the same time as him. Despite Haruki's protests, Kazuma already has plans for a new and revolutionary activity: a cheerleading team made up of only men. Although heavily reluctant, Haruki ends up helping his friend set up the team. Through sheer determination, and with support from their newfound club members, Haruki and Kazuma persist in founding the Breakers, the first ever all-male cheerleading team of Meishiin University, slowly making history in spite of the feminine tag attached to the sport of cheerleading and the prejudices, physical challenges, and self-doubts that inevitably follow. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Above a nondescript kitchen counter quietly hangs a bunch of ripe, yellow bananas. Suddenly, one of the slender fruits begins to shake, gently at first but slowly increasing in ferocity until it tears itself away from the rest. With a graceful landing, the long and curvy edible gradually rolls back its golden peels, revealing what lies beneath its firm covering to be... a cat? This mysterious feline-fruit hybrid is named Bananya. Carefree and gentle, the adorable creature dreams of one day becoming a luscious bananya bathed in chocolate. Together with his fellow bananya, this kitten cloaked in yellow passes its days without a care in the world, enjoying a rather calm and peaceful existence as it experiences what the world has to offer. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
At only 12 years old, Takumi Harada is already hailed as a prodigious baseball pitcher. But when his family moves to the backwater town of Nitta, Takumi has no choice but to join his new school's unskilled baseball team. This development has little effect on the boy, as he believes it is more interesting if this no-name club becomes a powerhouse due to his presence. However, due to his overwhelming talent, Takumi is in need of a catcher able to keep up with his pitches. His worries are soon put to rest after meeting Gou Nagakura. As his fan and fellow student, Gou is eager to prove that he is not a simple braggart, but rather a player skillful enough to catch Takumi's pitches. Amid struggling to form a "battery" with Gou, Takumi comes into conflict with his new teammates due to his irreverent personality but grapples to find the true joy of the sport under his grandfather's guidance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story of the card game follows what happens when "Hairou" portals suddenly open, fusing five different worlds together. As a result, various mysterious "Exceed" powers are awakened in teenaged girls. An academy for these so-called "Progress" girls is built on the isolated Seiran Island in the Pacific. (Source: ANN)
The anime's story follows Tsubasa, a new hire in the A&R department of the major recording company Gandala Music. Tsubasa is immediately assigned to oversee the idol unit "B-PROJECT," which is made up of three idol groups: Kitakore, THRIVE, and MooNs. This is Tsubasa's first job, and she gets involved in various incidents and accidents as she deals with this group of young men who each have their own differing personalities. (Source: ANN)
In the country of Rimguard, a mysterious event shook the country and its people just 12 years prior. As time passed, memory of the incident began to fade while peace reigned over the land. Sisters Yui and Rena live a quiet life in the Enastria Empire until a large mecha suddenly attacks their peaceful home, changing everything. The girls become caught in a vortex of destiny and godly revival. (Source: FUNimation)
After pulling the plug on the space reality TV show "Can I Destroy the Earth? 2," the Defense Club and the Conquest Club return to their peaceful high school lives. Time has passed since that fearsome battle, and it's now autumn. The five Defense Club members have stopped serving as the Battle Lovers, and are enjoying a soak in the Kurotama Bath like always, when the Conquest Club broaches a subject that will change a great deal about events to come... [Source: Crunchyroll]
In the anime series, the members of Six Gravity and Procellarum are all living in the same dorm building. Hajime Mutsuki and Haru Yayoi, the oldest members of Six Gravity, are first year university students. Each episode of the series will feature a different main character. (Source: MAL News)
The Blue World, which symbolizes reason, is under constant attack by the creatures called the Nightfly O'Note originating from the Red World, symbolizing instinct. Akira Asagi, the 17-year-old protagonist who is a researcher at Blue World, is nominated to lead the war at Ryuukyuu LAG, a proud defense facility on the islands of Ishigaki and Iriomote. She meets the sixth combat unit "IS," which was formed four years after a fierce battle that annihilated the fifth unit. Akari must lead these six riders, also called the Scared Rider Xechs, to fight against the other world while at the same time deepening the relationship among them. (Source: MAL News)
Set in a part of Tokyo that has descended into a quagmire, the story follows Unit 8 of the 5th Special Public Security Section's 3rd Mobile Assault Division, popularly called "The Eighth," who don powered armor "Willwear" exoskeletons to counter the rise in crime.  (Source: ANN) 
The anime will feature an original story from the game on which it is based. 
Time Travel Shoujo is based on a 1983 book titled Jishaku to Denki no Hatsumei Hakken Monogatari by Japanese educator Kiyonobu Itakura. It is part of the Hatsumei Hakken Monogatari Zenshuu series which describes the story of various scientific discoveries and inventions throughout history. The 1983 book focuses on discoveries related to magnetism and electricity.
Happy-go-lucky short stories of daily lives of the band members of Plasmagica and ShinganCrimsonZ.
Onara Gorou follows the everyday life of Gorou, the "most admirable of farts," as he solves problems in ways that only a fart can.  (Source: ANN)
Dorogoza Island is rich in "Drop Energy" that players can use on friendly monsters. Once strong enough, they can face enemies in puzzle wars. Winners reap rewards, but what happens to the losers? Only the brave can take on these monstrous challenges! (Source: FUNimation)
The land of Nariadia was once vibrant and green, but has been trapped in eternal winter by the cruel Ice Queen. When the balance of Naria is broken, warriors will appear from the human world and restore order. They are the Naria Girls! (Source: Crunchyroll)
Based on the characters created by Study.
A cutesy horror anime. Everyone in town is monster but they're living their lives like normal while attending high school.
2nd Season of Gra-P & Rodeo.
An adult comedy series following the life of Ikkyuu, a monk.
Fuji TV announced that it will air a new series of anime shorts based on the Parappa the Rapper video game franchise. The new anime will center on the P.J. Berri character. Each episode is about 96 seconds long. The anime celebrates both the 20th anniversary of the game and the 15th anniversary of the anime series. (Source: US Anime Direct, edited)
Based on a picture book series launched in 2006 about creatures that are neither insects nor plants.  (Source: ANN)
A season of Kemy, where the gang goes on expeditions to explore nature. This season is similar to the original Kemy Lang Buka Chaka where some of the footage is live action nature. Still, Buka and Chaka do not reprise their roles in this season either.
With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.  (Source: Netflix)
The fourth season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
The second season of Power Battle Watch Car.
It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.  Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When Subaru Natsuki leaves the convenience store, the last thing he expects is to be wrenched from his everyday life and dropped into a fantasy world. Things aren't looking good for the bewildered teenager; however, not long after his arrival, he is attacked by some thugs. Armed with only a bag of groceries and a now useless cell phone, he is quickly beaten to a pulp. Fortunately, a mysterious beauty named Satella, in hot pursuit after the one who stole her insignia, happens upon Subaru and saves him. In order to thank the honest and kindhearted girl, Subaru offers to help in her search, and later that night, he even finds the whereabouts of that which she seeks. But unbeknownst to them, a much darker force stalks the pair from the shadows, and just minutes after locating the insignia, Subaru and Satella are brutally murdered. However, Subaru immediately reawakens to a familiar scene—confronted by the same group of thugs, meeting Satella all over again—the enigma deepens as history inexplicably repeats itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The year is 1999. Morioh, a normally quiet and peaceful town, has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation. Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Magano, a parallel realm filled with monsters known as "Kegare," is a place where exorcists deal with all impurities. Benio Adashino is a prodigy exorcist who is recognized for her strength and is summoned to Tokyo by the Exorcist Union. On her way, she plummets into the arms of Rokuro Enmadou, a young exorcist with a troubled past. But the impurities of Magano do not rest. When these two exorcists witness a couple of children stolen by a Kegare, Benio rushes to save them, dragging Rokuro along with her into Magano. Engaged in a fight she is on the verge of being defeated in, Benio is saved by Rokuro, revealing himself capable of being her rival in talent. Sousei no Onmyouji tells the story of two talented exorcists who are destined to become the "Twin Star Exorcists" and the prophesised parents of the Miko—the reincarnation of Abe no Seimei—who will cleanse the world of all impurities. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
During the dawn of the 21st century, the United Nations Kurobe Research Institute was established in Japan to investigate an ancient artifact, which was discovered during the construction of the Kurobe Dam. Scientists from around the world have gathered in the facility to study the object, while their children enjoy their everyday lives attending Mt. Tate International Senior High School. Yukine Shirahane, a reserved high school girl, is the daughter of the facility's head scientist. While visiting her mother at the facility, Yukina manages to solve part of the artifact's puzzle. To her surprise, what appears before her is Kennosuke Tokisada Ouma, a young samurai from the Sengoku era. As a threat approaches from outer space, Yukina, along with Kennosuke, finds herself defending Earth against the invading forces. Along the way, she discovers the mystery behind Kennosuke and the reason he is determined to protect her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Since he was a child, Ryuuichi Naruhodou's dream was to become a defense attorney, protecting the innocent when no one else would. However, when the rookie lawyer finally takes on his first case under the guidance of his mentor Chihiro Ayasato, he realizes that the courtroom is a battlefield. In these fast paced trials, Ryuuichi is forced to think outside the box to uncover the truth of the crimes that have taken place in order to prove the innocence of his clients. Gyakuten Saiban: Sono "Shinjitsu", Igi Ari! follows Ryuuichi as he tackles cases to absolve the falsely accused of the charges they face. It will not be easy—standing in his path is the ruthless Reiji Mitsurugi, a prosecutor who will stop at nothing to hand out guilty verdicts. With his back against the wall, the defense attorney must carefully examine both evidence and witness testimony, sifting through lies to solve the mystery behind each case. With a shout of "objection!," the battle in the courtroom begins! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shun Asanaga is a 15-year-old junior high school student with an optimistic and bright personality. One day, he finds a mysterious crystal in the office of his father, who is a scientist and businessman. When Shun touches it, the world becomes distorted, and he is sent into the world of Endra. Emilio, a prince of the kingdom of Endra, is nearing his 16th birthday and despises the reigning king, Delzain. Since Emilio is now at the age when he can inherit the throne, he takes up a weapon and attempts revenge. However, because Emilio is too weak, he is captured by Delzain and put in prison. When Emilio is in grief, the wall of his cell becomes distorted and Shun appears from there with two goals: return to his own world, and complete Emilio's revenge. What future lies ahead for the two boys trying to survive in Endra, yet raised in two different worlds? (Source: MAL News)
Eight years after the events of Macross F, a mysterious phenomenon known as the Var Syndrome is gradually consuming the galaxy. It's up to a new generation of highly capable Valkyrie pilots to deal with this universal menace. And if they didn't have enough on their plate already, the Aerial Knights Valkyrie fighter team from the Kingdom of Wind have come to challenge the Delta Squadron.
The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back. With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Action Duels, which allow duelists to soar and swing alongside their Duel Monsters, are taking the world by storm. Due to an evolutionary breakthrough, the "Solid Vision" system is now able to provide Duel Monsters with mass. Yuuya Sakaki is Yuusho Sakaki's son, the latter being the founder of You Show Duel School in Miami City. Yuusho insists that duels are not a tool of war, but rather are to bring smiles to people and thus introduced the concept of Entertainment Dueling. However, at the height of his fame, Yuusho disappears and fails to attend his duel with Strong Ishijima, the Action Duel champion. Although scarred by this sudden leave, Yuuya vows to become an Entertainment Duelist like his father. Several years later, in the midst of a battle with Strong Ishijima, Yuuya's desperation to win brings forth a miracle. His pendant begins glowing, turning his cards into Pendulum Cards, which enables him to perform a Pendulum Summon—a summoning method unknown to the world and himself—gaining him fame overnight. As a result, Reiji Akaba, CEO of Leo Corporation and founder of the elite Leo Duel School, starts producing new Pendulum Cards to incorporate Pendulum Summoning into the system. Thus, the mysteries that surround Pendulum Summoning and Yuuya's father start to unravel, and Yuuya learns bit by bit what it takes to become an Entertainment Duelist. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
High school student Sakura Mamiya and impoverished death god Rinne Rokudou continue to confront the supernatural. Pulled into the problems of their quirky acquaintances, the pair again find themselves immersed in trouble. Ageha's black cat Oboro seeks revenge for alleged mistreatment and demands Ageha to nullify their contract. When she refuses to do so, a bitter quarrel breaks out between them. Meanwhile, the scheming Damashigami Company shows no sign of halting its wrongdoings, and the bat-like demon Masato continues to commit devious acts to pursue his long-awaited revenge on Rinne. For Sakura and Rinne, these paranormal complications never seem to end. As their saga continues to unfold, they must cope with these unusual circumstances as they appear, all while facing problems of their own. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
By the year 0096 of the Universal Century, a fragile peace emerges from the ashes of conflict. Sixteen-year-old student Banagher Links visits the Industrial 7 space colony on a school field trip, but because of a broken shuttle, he is left completely stranded.  To Banagher, who has always lived a normal life, war had always been a distant, almost mythical part of history; but within minutes, fantasy becomes reality when he rescues a girl named Audrey Burne, who urgently needs to meet with the leader of the nearby Vist Foundation, Cardeas Vist. She hopes to persuade him to withhold the "Laplace's Box," an object that holds the potential to destroy the world. History is set in motion as galactic forces converge on Industrial 7, each vying for possession of the Laplace's Box. As Neo Zeon remnants clash with Earth Federation Forces around the colony, Cardeas, in his final moments, gives Banagher the key to the Box, a mobile suit dubbed "The Unicorn Gundam." Packed with explosive action and rising tension, Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn RE:0096 follows Banagher as his conviction is tested and the destiny that has laid dormant for more than a century is finally realized. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions. Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart. And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!
Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths. At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve. Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation. Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them? (Source: Crunchyroll)
Valt Aoi is a hot-blooded kid who loves to attack and wields a Beyblade named Valkyrie. His close friend Shuu Kurenai is an elite Blader who is a genius but still puts in a lot of effort, and wields the Beyblade named Spriggan. (Source: ANN) 
Mirai is a 13-year-old girl who lives in the human world. One day she witnesses a mysterious object fall from the sky into the park. Excitedly, she brings her stuffed bear Mofurun with her to see what it was. When she gets there she sees a girl named Riko flying on a broom. Riko is of the same age and from the magical world. Mirai has a lot of questions, and Riko explains that she's searching for a jewel with strong powers called "Link Stone Emerald." Then Batti, an ally of the dark magic users Dokurokushi, appears before them and demands that Riko hand over the "Link Stone Emerald," which Riko herself had been looking for. To make things worse, Batti uses dark magic to create a monster known as a Yokubaru! Mirai and Riko join hands and with the magic words "Cure-up Rapapa!" they transform into the legendary Pretty Cure. 
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
The second half of the second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Shounen Ashibe follows the daily life of first-grader Ashibe Ashiya and his spotted seal pet Goma-chan. (Source: MAL News)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Third season of Future Card Buddyfight.
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
"Fairilu" are fairies of flowers, insects, mermaids, or other entities that are born from "Farilu Seeds." All Fairilu are born with their own key, and they must search to find and open the door that fits only their key. Once the Fairilu pass through the doors, they mature. The doors are also related to the human world. (Source: ANN)
The story imagines if Japanese historical figures such as Queen Himiko, the warlord Oda Nobunaga, and samurai Sakamoto Ryouma were cats. (Source: ANN)
The series of "warm and soothing" anime shorts will follow a cat who is suddenly resurrected from the grave and begins to wander around town. Despite being a zombie, the cat is able to get all the townsfolk to fall in love with it. (Source: ANN)
Shunta Mogami loves the Battle Spirits game. One day he is transported by a light from a Battle Spirits card to Spirits World, the origin of all Battle Spirits. He meets a girl named Eto, who claims to have summoned him to Spirits World in order to prevent its destruction at the hands of the revived Evil God-King, who once plotted the destruction of Spirits World before being defeated and sealed away. Together with the confident, green-deck-wielding Yoku Albatrosa, who also came from another world, Shunta sets out to find the twelve God-Kings whose power originally sealed the Evil God-King. (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
It is the sequel of Versus Revolution, continuing the chain of events after the battle between the Invaders and Revolutionary. It is also the last season and conclusion of the Versus saga in the anime The 'V' mark that was once on Katta Kirifuda's forehead hides a mysterious force. However, the power was sealed off. Even though the impact of removing the seal does not do much, but Hamukatsu starts to talk! Plus more hamsters that are like Hamukatsu starts to appear! They were then told about a secret organization, the "Rare Killers", with the members being transfer students of the school! What is the mystery of the hamsters like Hamukatsu and who exactly are the Rare Killers? The final battle is about to start!  (Source: Duel Masters Wikia)
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
CoCO and her sister NiCO are under training to become graceful and elegant cat princesses. They are watched over and trained by the strict but caring Lady Oppenheimer. CoCO and NiCO keeps Lady Oppenheimer quite busy as they try their best to learn the ways of a princess, and have fun with a little mischief along the way. (Source: Japan International Broadcasting)
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The story is set in a world where every event has been turned into programs, and mysterious monsters known as "Promin" maintain the world. However, many Promin who have turned into bugs known as "Bugmin" are responsible for many of the world's real-life bugs. Left alone, they may eventually turn into a big problem. The boy Yuuto encounters the space dog Wanda, and the pair use a camera-like device and key items to capture Bugmin. Promin themselves are able to do things like "accelerate objects," "spew fire," or "create objects," through an ability known as "Kamiwaza" (miracle), and are able to fend off Bugmin with it. At first, the Bugmin only cause small, bothersome things, but it will soon elevate into a global scale threat. Can one boy and one dog save the world? (Source: ANN)
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
Nameko Forest gathers nameko from all over the world. They form the Nameko Universal Ranger (NUR) to convey the charm of the forest. It's an everyday life of inviting new nameko with unique personalities to the forests. What incident will happen today?
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
Korean Animation about the monsters Eerie, Rock-G, Popo, and Yossi and the adventures they go on each day!
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Sequel to Panpaka Pants O-New!. It follows a young underwear-wearing pig and his adventures.
Stop-motion animation made out of fabric following a curious king sneaking out of his castle.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
(No synopsis yet.)
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Fourth season of the Washimo series. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
Stop-motion animation about a mysterious creature Mont-chan from an unknown world looking for an adventure.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Everyday objects come to life.
6.5-centimeter tall Degirdians fall to Earth in their spacecraft while chasing fugitives. Their spaceship transforms into a capsule toy stand near a toy store and a human boy accidentally takes home one of the aliens thinking it's a capsule toy. They befriend a human boy and try to figure out a way to get home all while fighting off the evil alien.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Twin City, as legend has it, is an evil city which was born at the time when Crystal City was created. There is a mirror-like lake above the city which has a horrifying power. It enables people to face the darkest side deep within their hearts. This darkness manifests as the person's opposite. The heroes must send these malicious beings back to their realm before they tear Crystal City apart.
It is thirty years after the failure of the Space Colonization Program. Humanity is nearly extinct. A perpetual and deadly Rain falls on the Earth. Men known as "Junkers" plunder goods and artifacts from the ruins of civilization. One such Junker sneaks alone into the most dangerous of all ruins—a "Sarcophagus City." In the center of this dead city, he discovers a pre-War planetarium. And as he enters he is greeted by Hoshino Yumemi, a companion robot. Without a single shred of doubt, she assumes he is the first customer she's had in 30 years. She attempts to show him the stars at once, but the planetarium projector is broken. Unable to make heads or tails of her conversation, he ends up agreeing to try and repair the projector... (Source: Steam)
Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Lucis, Noctis Lucis Caelum, sets out on a journey to Caem. His purpose is to meet with Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, an oracle and Noctis' childhood friend, in order to marry her. A strong and silent type, Noctis is accompanied by his friends and Royal Guard Gladiolus, Prompto, and Ignis. The four young men set out on a road trip across the continent in the king's personal convertible, the Regalia. Along the journey, each of them experience various situations which allow them to reflect on their past together, and strengthen their bonds for the future. A prequel to the 2016 video game Final Fantasy XV, Brotherhood: Final Fantasy XV explores the relationships of its four main protagonists and the challenges awaiting them. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
He woke up in a familiar world that has vastly changed. His school has become a school that teaches magic, encouraging everyone to become a mighty magician. Outside the city, many wandering magical beasts and monsters attack and prey on humans. A world of advanced science, changed into one of advanced magic. Despite this, his ambition in life, and his situation remains the same. One of the dregs of the society with a struggling father and a disabled step sister that couldn't walk. However, Mo Fan found when everyone can only have one major element, he can do much more! (Source: Novel Updates)
Due to his cheerful personality and ability to smile even through a hard day's work, Kanade Amamiya is suddenly scouted into the idol life by industry legend Haruto Mikami. He joins the agency D-4 Production where he meets fellow high schoolers Shin Oikawa, Junya Sasaki, Itsuki Katagiri, and Chizuru Sawamura, who all aspire to become idols. Inspired by their determination, Kanade embraces this new life.  A perfect chance for his debut appears when they are grouped together to perform at the company's Dream Festival. To rise to the top, they must collect Dorika—cards given by the audience that idols use to form their stage outfits—and gain the audience's attention. However, the road to fame is a rocky one, and the boys must form a bond of friendship and trust before they can reach their goals. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Twin detectives Xiaotu and Xiaohu set up a business that specializes in dealing with supernatural occurrences. However, when they investigate what seems to be an ordinary “Supernatural” case, a series of bizarre events unfold. To that end, Xiaotu and Xiaohu conquer hardships with every step they take, to clear the hazy path towards the truth.
The fifth anniversary of Trigger has been marked with a Uchuu Patrol Luluco marathon on NND that ended with a special animated sequence featuring mascot Trigger-chan and her buddies Muzzle and Spring. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Humanity's battle of many years with the kaiju, giant monsters, has finally come to an end. Now that Earth has entered an age of peace, girls with the souls of kaiju have begun to appear, giving them the ability to transform into kaiju. They are known as the Kaiju Girls, and this is the powerful, transient, beautiful, and at times easygoing story of the strange fate these girls bear. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Yoji and Kei, a boy and girl, live in a town in the not-so-distant future with their foster parent, Anna. But these seemingly ordinary children have a secret hidden even from their unsuspecting mother. Yoji and Kei are superhero defenders of their town! With a flap of their capes, the two of them and their robot bear sidekick, Oscar, protect the citizens in their town with their handmade high-tech machinery. But from what menace? And will our little heroes be able to overcome the crisis about to threaten the town's peaceful everyday serenity? Check out this utterly electrifying near-future animation to find out! (Source: Official website)
A collaboration ad campaign between Yowamushi Pedal and Chiba prefecture about bicycle safety.
Animated audio-dramas released online.
The episode follows Ren on his vacation in Okinawa. There, he meets a mysterious girl.
The comedy shorts follow four girls who are members of the Luck Logic Club, whose activity is playing the Luck & Logic card game. 
The second season of Ze Tian Ji.
In the forest ...
Unlike the main television anime series which is mostly set in modern-day Japan, the new series will be a "sealed room" suspense comedy set 100 years in the future. The story begins when Shinnosuke and the entire Nohara family wake up from cold sleep to find themselves aboard a space ship drifting in space. The anime will depict the various events that take place inside the ship. (Source: ANN)
Qin Lie has pulled up twelve spiritual columns, but the war between the Evil Clan and many tribues is imminent. However, at the most critical moment, the appearance of Li Mu in Tianjian Mountain prevented things from going in the worst direction.
A commercial for Nissin brand ramen noodles. It tells the story of how instant ramen first came to be, as told through rap verse.
A commercial to advertise Kirin's line of fruit-flavored alcoholic beverages.
The opening animation PV for Hachigatsu no Cinderella Nine, a mobile game app where you train/raise a group of high school girls to become baseball athletes so that they can make it to Koshien. The game was launched the following month for both iOS and Android.
(No synopsis yet.)
The story takes place in 2102 where future has advanced beyond what was imagined in the 21st century and in 2016. 17-year-old Nami is a high school girl living everyday happily without much thought. A recent increase in guerrilla heavy rains has caused to her start worrying a little. She encounters 10-year-old You, a mysterious girl from the near future. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Urara, Hanabi, and Inaho are three girls who aim to become nationally-renowned characters by creating animation of themselves! They chose the magical girl theme to catch the attention of everyone from children to adults! Can they safely become popular characters in a one-cours magical girl anime? (Source: MAL News)
The continuation of Hua Jiang Hu Zhi Bu Liang Ren.
Episodes 11.5 and 12.5 of Rakshasa Street.
A Tsutaetai, Kokoro no Tegami (wedding, elderly aid, and funeral company) commissioned work from Tekken showing the love of a father and the complications as he ages.
Episode 0 explains the setting: the planet EYE, light-years from Earth. The planet has the ability "to see things," but is commonly assailed by enemies. Protecting the planet from these enemies is the group of girls known as "Eyedrops." The video also explains how the human eye works.  (Source: ANN)
An introductory anime of Littleforestfellow, who is a rabbit boy and the second cousin of My Melody. He is nicknamed "Mello" (めろぉ). He really likes My Melody and likes to collect buttons with her. His birthday is on January 18th, just like My Melody.  (Source: Wikia)
A Peeping Life and Sanyo collaboration made to promote Sanyo's summer ocean themed pachinko line with a Momotarou Densetsu pachinko game machine.
Kitty-chan briefly goes missing.
(No synopsis yet.)
A short commissioned by Nagoya Railroad Co., Ltd. (abbr. Meitetsu) as part of their "Place important feelings on places where important people wait." campaign.  In the short we see a woman and her fiancé on a Nagoya Railroad train to go meet her parents. The woman laments over her youth from having fun as a child with her father on the train, to coldly ignoring him and being mean as a teenager when he comes to pick her up from the station with a spare umbrella on a rainy day. Time healed all wounds and the short ends with the both of them smiling cheerfully as they treasure each other.
A crossover between Kubbe and Fuji TV's Gachapin. This short was made to promote the Kubbe Kort Animasjon anime having a TV run on Gachapin's program Hirake! Ponkikki along with crossover merchandise featuring characters from both franchises.
The series takes place on a fantastical world where crystals can provide great strength. Their value has led to to the rise of a unique profession: crystal hunting.
(No synopsis yet.)
An animated promotional video for the web manga of the same name.
The animated opening for Square Enix's Grand Marche no Meikyuu RPG mobile game which launched for Android and iOS on September 8, 2016. 
A commercial for Lux shampoo and conditioner featuring virtual idol Hatsune Miku and Ghost in the Shell star Scarlett Johansson. 
A person from the future visits a girl on her 16th birthday and asks for her hand in marriage because in the future, the female population has decreased to minimal numbers.
Studio DLE and CoroCoro Comic have teamed up to create a series of absurd comedy shorts whose characters are based on reader questionnaires.
After many hardships in her life, Chise Hatori ended up at an auction, where she was purchased and then freed by the renowned Thorn Sorcerer, Elias Ainsworth, only to stay and become his apprentice. Though her life is wonderful now, the arrival of a picture book, "The Lonely Little Star," brings back memories of those trying times and the loneliness she endured. As a child, Chise experienced a great tragedy: her mother's death. Shunned and unwanted by peers and relatives alike, she has lived a detached and pitiful life. However, the unexpected discovery of a mysterious library in the forest provides her with a temporary place of solace. Through reading countless books and spending time with the kindhearted librarian, Chise slowly begins to feel less alone in the world. But could this peculiar library have a darker side? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While playing in the snow one day at her shrine, the land god Nanami Momozono witnesses her familiar—the fox youkai Tomoe—collapse, with dark markings appearing on his body. Tomoe's former master, Lord Mikage, appears after his long absence and places Tomoe into a magical pocket mirror in order to stave off his ailment. Mikage explains that long ago, before he and Tomoe had met, the fox youkai was in love with a human woman. Seeking to live as a human with his beloved, he made a deal with a fallen god, but he only ended up cursed and dying. When Mikage discovered Tomoe, the god made the youkai forget his human love as a quick solution. However, something has changed recently to reactivate the curse; Tomoe has fallen in love with his new human master, Nanami. Since there is no way to stop the curse, Nanami wants to stop Tomoe from getting cursed in the first place by traveling back through time, even if it means they may never meet. As Nanami travels back hundreds of years to save her precious familiar, she discovers that she is far more closely bonded to Tomoe than she previously thought. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
New OVAs bundled with the 18th and 19th volumes of the Shokugeki no Souma manga. 
Yoshiwara is besieged by a mysterious incense that has the ability to make whoever smell it fall for the first person they see; poor Tsukuyo is hit, her already secret attraction with Gintoki intensified. In trying to gather the incense, Tsukuyo's slip-up causes the entire district to be affected by the smoke, including the Yorozuya (and Tae, Kyuubei, and Kondou who happened to be there at the time). Can the Yorozuya and Tsukuyo overcome their afflictions to stop the perpetrator? (Source: Gintama Wiki)
The year is 2025. Five years have passed since the Tokyo Olympic Games were called off after deadly terrorist attacks. An international school run by the United Nations now stands in the former Olympic site on the edge of Tokyo Bay. Seven teenagers with special abilities, known as "Flowers," are among the students. Their student identities are only a cover for their real identities as members of an intelligence organization run by the UN. Their objective is to assassinate other teenagers who have the same abilities. The Flowers have no choice but to complete their missions without fail. Their organization has taken their family members hostage to ensure this. For the Flowers, failure would mean death not only for themselves but also for their loved ones. This is the story of their struggle against cruel fate, and of how it is human nature to find hope, however bleak the outlook. (Source: Official site)
Bundled with novel series' 11th volume. The new anime will feature the appearance of the Pleiades combat maids, as well as the rest of the Floor Guardians. (Source: ANN)
An OVA bundled with the tenth manga volume.
Shouta Handa is a jobless 25 year old who is sick and tired of his boring life. One evening, at the class reunion, he gets to meet all of the cute girls that used to be his classmates. He soon discovers that they are all successful with interesting careers, and even more importantly—really beautiful now, with bigger curves. Unfortunately, it seems that they are all aware of his boring, unsuccessful life, so they mock him and call him a loser, just like in the old days. Everything changes when Shouta goes for a walk to have a smoke and accidentally falls into the school swimming pool. This triggers a supernatural phenomenon that takes him back ten years into the past. He finds himself in the same swimming pool during swimming class, surrounded by his female classmates in bikinis. How is Shouta going to deal with their cuteness and closeness now that he is a grown man in a boy's body?
An original OVA that follows the sexual escapades of a high school boy.
Bundled with the 13th limited-edition volume of the manga.
The official Twitter account for the Gundam Build Fighters and Gundam Build Fighters Try television anime reported on Wednesday that original video anime (OVA) projects are launching. According to the producer in charge of the account, director Kenji Nagasaki is planning one Gundam Build Fighters OVA, and director Shinya Watada is planning one Gundam Build Fighters Try OVA. (Source: ANN)
OVAs bundled with 4th and 5th manga volumes of Diamond no Ace Act II. An epilogue of the Diamond no Ace series.
A new year arrives as the school festival ends. The season has come as Kaou-kai members leave their jobs after doing their final duties. Each musical team prepares for the final big performance for the year, Graduation Ceremony, to show their gratitude. After Itsuki Ootori left Kaou-kai during the school festival, the ex-Team Ootori is not qualified to participate while they are still students of the music department. In the midst of these events, Yuuta Hoshitani and the others make a decision... (Source: MAL News)
(No synopsis yet.)
Akito Natsuki decides to spend his one month long summer holiday in his home town after his workplace closes down for renovations. With no money and nothing to do he decides to take it easy.  At home Miyuri, his sister-in-law he was once fond of, and Sayoko who always treated him like her own son, were waiting for him. Akito tried to hide his feelings as always and acted out the part of the brother-in-law, but after a slip of the tongue his real feelings are revealed. Then his stagnant relationships with Miyuki and Sayoko start to develop again, and eventually he gets deeply involved with them. (Source: MyFigureCollection)
 An adaptation of the visual novel Shiiku x Kanojo.
Adaptation of the manga by Monorino.
Third year Manami is treated to sweets in exchange for favors. These favors become increasingly sexual day by day.
An unaired episode 8.5 included with the third BD/DVD release.
An adaptation of the one-shot Furachimono by Akazawa Red.
Based on the game by Frill.
Based on the doujinshi by Kaisei Kishi.
A continuation of Boku no Yayoi-san.
Mitsuha Miyamizu, a high school girl, yearns to live the life of a boy in the bustling city of Tokyo—a dream that stands in stark contrast to her present life in the countryside. Meanwhile in the city, Taki Tachibana lives a busy life as a high school student while juggling his part-time job and hopes for a future in architecture. One day, Mitsuha awakens in a room that is not her own and suddenly finds herself living the dream life in Tokyo—but in Taki's body! Elsewhere, Taki finds himself living Mitsuha's life in the humble countryside. In pursuit of an answer to this strange phenomenon, they begin to search for one another. Kimi no Na wa. revolves around Mitsuha and Taki's actions, which begin to have a dramatic impact on each other's lives, weaving them into a fabric held together by fate and circumstance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As a wild youth, elementary school student Shouya Ishida sought to beat boredom in the cruelest ways. When the deaf Shouko Nishimiya transfers into his class, Shouya and the rest of his class thoughtlessly bully her for fun. However, when her mother notifies the school, he is singled out and blamed for everything done to her. With Shouko transferring out of the school, Shouya is left at the mercy of his classmates. He is heartlessly ostracized all throughout elementary and middle school, while teachers turn a blind eye. Now in his third year of high school, Shouya is still plagued by his wrongdoings as a young boy. Sincerely regretting his past actions, he sets out on a journey of redemption: to meet Shouko once more and make amends. Koe no Katachi tells the heartwarming tale of Shouya's reunion with Shouko and his honest attempts to redeem himself, all while being continually haunted by the shadows of his past.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After reverting to human from half-vampire, Koyomi Araragi decides to retrieve Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade's severed body parts that were stolen by three powerful vampire hunters. Awaiting him are Dramaturgie, a vampire hunter who is a vampire himself; Episode, a half-vampire with the ability to transform into mist; and Guillotinecutter, a human priest who is the most dangerous of them all. Unbeknownst to Araragi, each minute he spends trying to retrieve Kiss-shot's limbs makes him less of a human and more of a vampire. Will he be able to keep his wish of becoming human once again by the end of his battles? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In One Piece Film Gold, The Straw Hats are at it again in an all-new high-flying adventure! A gripping tale unfolds in the spectacular city of Gran Tesoro, where Luffy and his crew are drawn by dreams of hitting the jackpot. With so much luck, Luffy's winning streak can't possibly end. But behind the gilded curtains lies a powerful king whose deep pockets and deeper ambitions spell disaster for all. (Source: FUNimation)
Taichi and friends can't hide how disturbing it was that something suddenly went wrong with Meicoomon, causing her to destroy Leomon and disappear beyond the distortion. "If Meicoomon was infected, I want to find out what caused it. Were there any signs it had happened? And when in the world did it occur?" Faced with a situation beyond imagination, Koushirou struggles to come up with some countermeasure. But with no effective means at his disposal, he ends up grilling Meiko for information. "Please remember. I need information if I'm going to find out what's behind the infection." Meiko hangs her head, unable to offer any answer... Agumon and the others had been quarantined in Koushirou's office to protect against infection, but Patamon starts showing signs of it anyway... At the same time, Agumon and the others are informed via the voice dwelling within Hikari about an important secret concerning the Digital World. "The time... draws near..." Then during the battle against Meicoomon when she shows up again, said "time" arrives. Taichi and friends agonize over the revealed secret. As the feelings of each of them intertwine, they arrive at a certain determination... "If we wait around for 'someday', before you know it we'll find ourselves having grown up." The adventure now evolves once again... (Source: Official website)
In 2046, many aspects of life are carried out on a virtual network. No matter how advanced the time becomes, however, bullying never disappears. Haruyuki is one of the bullied students. However, one day he is contacted by Kuroyukihime, the most famous person in the school. "Wouldn't you like to 'accelerate' and go further ahead, boy?" Haruyuki is introduced to the "Accel World" and decides to fight as Kuroyukihime's knight. (Source: Official site)
For years, the Niflheim Empire and the kingdom of Lucis have been at war. The empire, having dominated most of the world of Eos, covets the power of the last known Crystal, which is held in Lucis' capital city, Insomnia. In order to protect his people from these advancing forces, King Regis Lucis Caelum CXIII used the power of the Crystal to surround Insomnia with a magical wall. Along with this barrier, Regis assembled an elite military task force known as the Kingsglaive. By drawing their power from the king, the Kingsglaive protect Lucis' borders from the onslaught of the empire and other forces that would do them harm. One such member of the Kingsglaive is Nyx, a man nicknamed "The Hero" by his fellow warriors due to his arrogance and desire to save everyone. However, his pride gets the better of him, causing him to disobey his captain's orders, resulting in a demotion. Now, Nyx spends his days guarding the city gates, but things begin to change once word gets out that Regis plans to sign a peace treaty with their sworn enemies. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An adaptation of the visual-novel by Key, Planetarian: Hoshi no Hito combines the story of the original work with an expansion that extends the narrative with content from the Hoshi no Hito light-novel sequel.  In the future after much of the world has been devastated by nuclear and biological warfare, a young scavenger or "Junker" exploring a quarantined and abandoned city comes across a service robot still faithfully awaiting customers in the rooftop planetarium of a department store. Against his pragmatic instincts he helps the robot repair the planetarium's projector: a decision which will change both their fates. (Source: ANN)
In an old mythical world, there reside spirit-like beings who oversee the natural order of the mortal realm. One of them, a young girl named Chun, has just come of age and must undergo her rite of passage by experiencing the human world for herself. While there, she gets caught in a fishing net during a storm and is rescued by a human boy. However, the boy ends up drowning during the incident, and Chun returns to her realm full of guilt. Afterwards, she meets the Soul Keeper and decides to revive the boy in exchange for a part of her lifespan. Little does she know, meddling with the natural order of the world has severe consequences. Da Yu Hai Tang is a story about sacrifice and redemption as Chun comes to terms with the limitations of her powers and deals with death, love, and her own emotions. She must decide if she will sacrifice everything to save the human boy or forsake her moral obligation for the order of the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
First of three compilation films of the Kuroko no Basket franchise. The first match of Seirin vs Touou Gakuen at the Winter Cup. Seirin swore they would get revenge from the Inter-High, but Aomine's talents grew even stronger and Kuroko's new move is seen through. After having all of his efforts denied by his former light, Aomine, Kuroko is benched and faces humiliation. Seeing his partner like this, something almost beast-like awakens within Kagami, and he challenges Aomine. Aomine had lost almost all sense of fighting, until he and Kagami both intensely face off with each other as they go into the Zone. (Source: Crunchyroll)
For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever. Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. (Source: Vertical)
A mysterious force binds Ash to the Mythical Pokemon Volcanion when it falls from the sky. Volcanion can't get away, and Ash is dragged along as it continues on its mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt minister has stolen the ultimate invention: the Artificial Pokemon Magearna, created 500 years ago. The minister plans to use Magearna's mysterious power to take control of the mechanical kingdom. (Source: ANN)
These are the recollections of a group of men who bet everything on their bicycles. The central pillars of their respective teams, the third years. New stories revealing their pasts are about to begin!
Several groups of people try to survive a zombie pandemic that unleashes itself in downtown Seoul.
Dragon Nest Movie 2: Throne of Elves will be released in Summer 2016. The movie is a sequel to Mili Pictures' hugely successful Dragon Nest: Warriors' Dawn. It will take the story of the land of Altera deep into the territory of the Elves in an action-packed adventure with more of the drama, comedy, and excitement. The film is directed by Soong Yuefeng, acclaimed director of the first Dragon Nest movie. (Source: Freedomplays)
The film's plot is set in a southern island, where a Legendary Dress Audition is taking place. Nijino Yume and the others must find secret dresses said to be hidden somewhere in the island. (Source: ANN)
Short anime screened alongside Aikatsu Stars! Movie. The film and the short will mark the first time the franchise is screening a double feature. (Source: ANN)
Sanpei is a boy beekeeper and the sole survivor of an accident that killed his entire family. Sanpei meets Chiyo, a girl who gets stung by a bee, and starts a new life in her village. Eventually, Sanpei cultivates the land that the villagers had abandoned, and then disappears. In the land now filled with flowers, Chiyo waits, believing Sanpei will return.  (Source: ANN)
Rudolf enjoys a life of comfort and care in Gifu, Japan. Yet true to the adage, curiosity gets the best of the kitten, and he decides to explore beyond the four walls of his home. When he's inadvertently whisked into the back of a cargo truck and lands in Tokyo, he befriends Ippaiattena, a seasoned street cat who possesses a crucial and unusual skill that will help him find his way home: the ability to read the human language. Rudolf's journey is rich with Japanese culture, and his story celebrates the wonder of discovery—that magical moment when you realize you have the key to unlock the world. (Source: New York International Children's Film Festival)
An adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen in a central Asian setting
The Tohoku Regional Development Association is developing an anime to raise earthquake awareness. The anime will illustrate lessons learned from the March 11, 2011 Tohoku (Northeastern Japan) earthquake and tsunami, and emphasize the importance of constant preparedness and disaster prevention and readiness.  The anime will be 60 minutes long and will have two parts titled "Sonaeru" (Prepare) and "Manabu" (Learn), focusing on true stories from Iwate prefecture's Fudai village and Kamaishi City.  "Sonaeru" is set during the 1970s to 1980s, and focuses on the story of Kotoku Wamura, the mayor of the village Fudai at the time, as he attempts to persuade the village assembly that his proposed floodgate and seawall project is not useless. He remembers the 1896 and 1933 Sanriku earthquakes and tsunamis in proposing the project. The 15.5-meter (51-foot) floodgate — the highest in the Tohoku region — ends up sparing Fudai the damage that the 2011 tsunami subjected other coastal towns.  "Manabu" centers on elementary school children in Kamaishi City during the 2011 disaster, illustrating their lessons learned in disaster readiness to head to higher ground. The story will show "Tsunami Tendenko," a local custom telling people to individually seek higher ground on their own initiative, in a lesson that the children would teach their parents.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
 The eighth film in the Taka no Tsume film series.
Norasco movies screen for the 9th Down Town Taito International Comedy Film Festival. 6 episodes of Norasco were scheduled to show with 2 of them being new creations never previously shown before. The first episode is the boys playing old maid and the second episode Kotarou's sister Michelle makes an unannounced visit.
The 6th animated McDull feature film (7th film the franchise overall). The film sees a grotesque monster arrive from outer space. Humans are proving defenceless; after an Ultraman-like superhero, Spamerman, also flunks his rescue mission, the safety of the planet is left in the hands of McDull, the kindergarten kid who, with his sheer passion for science, invents a formidable robot based on designs of home appliances. (Source: Edmund Lee from South China Morning Post)
The Odin Mainland is separated into four countries, in each lives a group of soul masters protecting their county with their soul powers. The most powerful seven of them are known as Noble Lords. The story begins in the water origin, the Aslan Empire. Qi Ling has been a busboy in an inn since young and subconsciously tamed a legendary soul beast, Ice Fang in a battle between soul masters. Yin Chen (Kris Wu) came on orders of the Silver Priest to take him in as his disciple. With his help, Qi Ling heads to the Grave of the Souls to seek his soul weapon, yet as he couldn’t sit still like how his lord instructed him; he enters the Grave of the Souls with Tianshu You Hua and Guishan Lian Quan. Qi Ling thus become embroiled in the upcoming storm; a battle of soul powers between the lords. At the very same time, another conspiracy that has long been in the works within the Aslan Empire is gradually revealing itself. While searching for Qi Ling, Yin Chen found out that his master, the former 1st lord Gilgamesh may still be living, and thus risked his everything to began the search of his previous master. At the same time, the killing lords You Ming and Thalia received the silver priest's orders to kill Guishan Lian Quan and her brother, Guishen Feng Hun. A battle between the lords and disciples, in a fight for truth and honor, thus ensues. (Source: Wikipedia)
A movie of Power Battle Watch Car. The story is directly tied to episode 4 and 5 of the second season. During the Watch Car Battle League championship, Roy and Avan could grab a opportunity to join the Racing Battle that is open to popular racers only. Roy continues with his blazing races in order to win the battle and get closer to Ari, his longtime one-sided love. Roy’s blazing race towards victory and love begins! (Source: Han Cinema)
An ancient mask broke the peaceful life of the mysterious world and an inevitable war is about to break out. In order to stop this war, the new patriarch Lala invited the his human world friend Yugo to come back to help. But the mischievous Yugo brought her father Wang Dashan into the mysterious world. In the face of sudden changes and fear of the unknown, Wang Dashan, is scared and embarrassed losing his 'cool and reliable' dad cred. But his new take on the world might be what it needs to help stop the war for his daughter.
The Future Foundation is in shambles after the Final Killing Game and the revelation of the true culprit. As a desperate plot arises from one of the survivors to rid the world of despair once and for all, the remaining Future Foundation members must band together to stop this atrocity from taking place. Fortunately, they find themselves with help from a group of unlikely allies as they race against the clock to stop their world from being changed. In this finale to the Hope's Peak storyline of the Danganronpa series, the players in this neverending death game begin to understand the true meaning behind despair, hope, and atonement. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Bundled with the limited edition of Blu-ray/DVD of Boruto: Naruto the Movie.
Unaired episode 13 included with the fifth Blu-ray and DVD volume.
A prologue episode to Tales of Zestiria the X. Strange weather phenomena strike the kingdom of Hyland. Alisha, a courageous and patriotic warrior-princess of the Hyland kingdom, sends herself to investigate. (Source: FUNimation)
There is a new urban legend circulating Tokyo. It claims that if you make a request in the Ask-a-Thief Channel, the Phantom Thieves of Hearts will show up and bring justice by stealing a corrupt person's heart and making them regret all their wrongdoings. As strange and inexplicable events continue to happen all around town, more people submit their requests in hope that the mysterious vigilante group will help. Kazuya Makigami is a burglar by night, but has started to have second thoughts about his crimes and those who help him commit them. Unable to stand up to his comrades himself, Kazuya submits a request to the Ask-a-Thief Channel. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Prequel to One Piece Film: Gold.
A fake Shizuo from Numabukuro is causing chaos in Ikebukuro.
A series of shorts featuring the characters from Tanaka-kun wa Itsumo Kedaruge in chibi form.
Recap of the first seven episodes of 91 Days series.
Masou Gakuen HxH specials included with the volumes of the DVD/BD.
An unaired episode released with the sixth BD volume.
Specials included with the BD/DVD releases. 
Specials included with the Blu-ray box set releases of Joker Game.
Specials bundled with the Blu-ray volumes of Mob Psycho 100.
A short prequel to One Piece Film: Gold featuring the nine Straw hat crew members on the ship, planning what to do when they arrive the Casino.
Collaboration commercials with Suntory and Kimi no Na wa.. The "Mitsuha no Omoi" (Mitsuha's Thoughts) commercial shows the character Mitsuha Miyamizu drinking SUNTORY Minami Alps Tennensui Yogurina, which is yogurt-flavored mineral water. The "Taki no Omoi" (Taki's Thoughts) commercial shows the character Taki Tachibana drinking SUNTORY Minami Alps Ten'nensui, which is mineral water.  The "Kasanaru Omoi" (Overlap Thoughts) commercial shows both Taki and Mitsuha combining their thoughts through mixed dialogue with some alternative footage and a new song. (Source: ANN)
The new heroine of Magia Record is Iroha, a magical girl on the hunt for her missing sister Ui in Kamihama. Also in Kamihama is Madoka, who's searching for the similarly-missing Homura. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Short anime special for Katekyo Hitman Reborn! and ēlDLIVE that exhibited at Akira Amano Illustration Exhibition between July 28 to August 9.
Special episodes included in the Blu-ray and DVD boxes of Kuma Miko.
Team Fawn from Gurantseere Academy dreams of one day fighting beside the heroes of Team Rabbit. One day, they finally get their chance as the GDF launches another attack. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Goku and Frieza may have battled in the manga and anime, but this short tells an original story where Frieza is revived by the Dragon Balls. Vegeta and other characters will appear on Goku's side. The show will be in 4D, so guests will be able to feel shocks and splashes that correspond with the 360-degree 3D CG animation. (Source: ANN)
Recap of first 5 episodes of Cheer Danshi!!
Bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Arslan Senki (TV): Fuujin Ranbu.
Unaired episode of Garo: Guren no Tsuki included in the second DVD/BD set.
Short specials included with the Bakuon!! BD/DVD volumes.
A collaboration between Fanta and One Piece. The first episode features Luffy and Chopper rapping with Fanta Grape and Fanta Orange respectively in hand.
A promotional video for the third compiled volume of the Major 2nd manga. A short version was uploaded December 9 2015, and a long version advertising the fifth volume was released on July 11 2016.
Unaired episode included with the Blu-ray.
The DVD contains the Jump Festa 2015 Isobe Isobee Monogatari event anime. The release includes the episodes "Gintama-hen," "Shokugeki no Souma-hen," and "Haikyuu!!-hen," which parody other Jump properties. (Source: ANN)
Short episodes included in the limited edition BD/DVD volume releases.
Omake specials that feature the cast of Garo: Guren no Tsuki.
The typical Kochikame plot involves Ryo-san coming up with a money-making scheme by inventing a new gadget or capitalizing on a fad, achieving great success, calling on Nakagawa's help as things turn sour, and finally losing it all as the fad runs out of steam or out of control. While the plots are gag-driven, much of the humor comes from the juxtaposition of mundane characters with the bizarrely incongruous (Nakagawa's wealth, Maria's appeal, everyone's lack of actual police work), most of which is never explained or rationalized in the slightest.  (Source: Wikipedia)
At the Autumn/Winter 2016 Tokyo Girls Collection, a semiannual fashion festival, there was a collaboration with Osomatsu-san. A short picture drama-style feature was broadcasted on the screens at the event after which live yuruchara versions of the sextuplets came out on stage and did comedic dances and fashion walks for the audience.
Special episodes of Jakusansei Million Arthur released to commemorate the Playstation 4/Vita game release.
The beverage company Ito En commissioned Studio Ghibli for a mascot and commercials.
 The series follows characters' humorous everyday lives.
The Ishiyama-dera temple in Outsu announced that the temple's Ishiyama-dera engi emaki scrolls will get their first CG anime adaptation as part of a "Ishiyama-dera Digital engi emaki Project." The anime will depict the first story in the first scroll, which illustrates the Hira Myoujin deity appearing before temple founder Rōben in the form of an old man, and giving him an oracle to construct the Ishiyama-dera.  The Ishiyama-dera engi emaki are a series of seven scrolls depicting 33 illustrated stories set in and around the temple, including a scene depicting the moment when Murasaki Shikibu allegedly was inspired to write The Tale of Genji while viewing Lake Biwa from the temple. The scrolls are considered an Important Cultural Property, and were first displayed together for the first time in 2012.  (Source: ANN)
Animated commercials for the Nishitesu Group (Nishi-Nippon Railroad Co., Ltd.) that are available on the company's official YouTube channel. So far they cover bus driver recruitment and freight transport.
WOW Inc.'s first architectural project: "Future Center Hakodate and Kids Plaza Hakodate" opened in Hakodate, Hokkaido on October 15, 2016. It opened as a regional exchange center after two and half years of cooperation with Sony PCL. The large LED display "Media Wall" was requested by the city at the time of project planning, and it features various animations on display. Ryou Inoue was invited to create a musical opening for the Media Wall.
