Chise Hatori, a 15-year-old Japanese girl, was sold for five million pounds at an auction to a tall masked gentleman. Abandoned at a young age and ridiculed by her peers for her unconventional behavior, she was ready to give herself to any buyer if it meant having a place to go home to. In chains and on her way to an unknown fate, she hears whispers from robed men along her path, gossiping and complaining that such a buyer got his hands on a rare "Sleigh Beggy." Ignoring the murmurs, the mysterious man leads the girl to a study, where he reveals himself to be Elias Ainsworth—a magus. After a brief confrontation and a bit of teleportation magic, the two open their eyes to Elias' picturesque cottage in rural England. Greeted by fairies and surrounded by weird and wonderful beings upon her arrival, these events mark the beginning of Chise's story as the apprentice and supposed bride of the ancient magus. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically. When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno's Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno's voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal—to become the Wizard King! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Moon Festival is Tootsuki Academy's annual gourmet gala, where students compete against each other to earn the most profit through selling their cuisine of choice. But for Souma Yukihira, it is also his first opportunity to challenge the Elite Ten, the supreme council that rules over the academy.  However, this is only the beginning of Souma's war against the Elite Ten; a nefarious plot is underway that will provide Souma with the challenge he desires but will also shake the very foundations of Tootsuki Academy itself. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichirou Inuyashiki is a 58-year-old family man who is going through a difficult time in his life. Though his frequent back problems are painful, nothing hurts quite as much as the indifference and distaste that his wife and children have for him. Despite this, Ichirou still manages to find solace in Hanako, an abandoned Shiba Inu that he adopts into his home. However, his life takes a turn for the worse when a follow-up physical examination reveals that Ichirou has stomach cancer and only three months to live; though he tries to be strong, his family's disinterest causes an emotional breakdown. Running off into a nearby field, Ichirou embraces his dog and weeps—until he notices a strange figure standing before him. Suddenly, a bright light appears and Ichirou is enveloped by smoke and dust. When he comes to, he discovers something is amiss—he has been reborn as a mechanized weapon wearing the skin of his former self. Though initially shocked, the compassionate Ichirou immediately uses his newfound powers to save a life, an act of kindness that fills him with happiness and newfound hope. However, the origins of these strange powers remain unclear. Who was the mysterious figure at the site of the explosion, and are they as kind as Ichirou when it comes to using this dangerous gift? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Wishing to be independent, 16-year-old Maika Sakuranomiya is desperate to nail down a part-time job so that she can afford to study abroad. Unfortunately, her applications are constantly rejected due to the menacing look she unintentionally makes whenever she smiles, despite her otherwise cheerful disposition. After yet another failed interview, she chances upon Café Stile, a coffee shop where the servers interact with the customers while roleplaying distinctive characteristics. The Italian store manager, Dino, becomes infatuated with Maika's cuteness at first sight, and offers her a job as a waitress with a sadistic nature. Coupled with her inherent clumsiness, she successfully manages to serve a pair of masochistic customers in accordance with her new, ruthless persona. Alongside Kaho Minata as the tsundere and Mafuyu Hoshikawa as the younger sister, Maika decides to make the most out of her unique quirk and cements her position in the cafe with merciless cruelty! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For the first time since graduating high school, 30-year-old Moriko Morioka is unemployed—and she couldn't be happier. Having quit her long-standing job of over 11 years, Moriko quickly turns to online games to pass her now-plentiful free time, reinventing herself as the handsome and dashing male hero "Hayashi" in the MMO Fruits de Mer. With the pesky societal obligations of the real world out of the way, she blissfully dives headfirst into the realm of the game, where she promptly meets the kind and adorable healer Lily. Befriending each other almost instantly, the two become inseparable just as Moriko herself becomes more and more engrossed in her new "life" as Hayashi. Eventually, Moriko adopts the reclusive lifestyle in its entirety, venturing out from the safety of her apartment only when absolutely necessary. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Moriko, a timid 28-year-old corporate worker named Yuuta Sakurai has also logged onto Fruits de Mer from the other side of town. Coincidentally bumping into each other at the convenience store one night, both write off their meeting as no more than just another awkward encounter with a stranger—however, fate has more in store for them than they think. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Three years ago, a gateway between Earth and the Beyond opened in New York City, trapping extradimensional creatures and humans alike in an impermeable bubble. After the city's restoration, monsters, magic, and madness are common findings in the area now known as Hellsalem's Lot. Leonardo Watch, a young photographer who unwillingly obtained the "All-seeing Eyes of the Gods" in exchange for his sister's eyesight, came to this paranormal city to find answers to the mysterious power that he possesses. He later finds his life drastically changed when he joins Libra, a secret organization of people with supernatural abilities dedicated to maintaining order in the everyday chaos of Hellsalem's Lot.  However, this is only the beginning of Leonardo's unexpected journey ahead. Regardless of the constant threat of otherworldly enemies, he is determined to uncover the secrets of his power and find a way to restore his sister's eyesight. Kekkai Sensen & Beyond follows Leonardo as he sets off on more crazy adventures with his comrades, fighting to ensure peace and order. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the mysterious future, crystalline organisms called Gems inhabit a world that has been destroyed by six meteors. Each Gem is assigned a role in order to fight against the Lunarians, a species who attacks them in order to shatter their bodies and use them as decorations.  Phosphophyllite, also known as Phos, is a young and fragile Gem who dreams of helping their friends in the war effort. Instead, they are told to compile an encyclopedia because of their delicate condition. After begrudgingly embarking on this task, Phos meets Cinnabar, an intelligent gem who has been relegated to patrolling the isolated island at night because of the corrosive poison their body creates. After seeing how unhappy Cinnabar is, Phos decides to find a role that both of the rejected Gems can enjoy. Houseki no Kuni follows Phos' efforts to be useful and protect their fellow Gems. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Every 12 years, mercenaries who possess the highest caliber of brute strength, cunning wit, and deadly precision gather to participate in the Zodiac Tournament. Each warrior bears the name and attributes of one of the 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac. With their pride and lives on the line, they engage in vicious combat until only the victor remains. The 12th Zodiac Tournament begins in a desolate city, devoid of any evidence of the half million people who recently lived there. To raise the stakes, each warrior ingests a poisonous gem, thus setting a time limit on the tournament—and on their life. With one wish for the victor up for grabs, the Zodiac Warriors start their cutthroat battle for survival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As another school year begins drawing to a close, the third-year high school students move steadily toward the next milestone of their lives: graduation. Among them are Mio Natsume, a girl burdened with lingering feelings; Hazuki Morikawa, a member of the concert band but distant from the others; and Haruto Souma, an athlete obsessed with baseball. Meanwhile, second-year student Ena Komiya seeks to revive the photography club to its former glory, refusing to let the organization be disbanded. Though this group lacks a strong connection with one another, their lives suddenly cross paths with the arrival of a third-year transfer student. While a transfer so close to graduation is unusual for most, it is business as usual for Eita Izumi. Due to his father's work, he has never been able to stay in one place for very long. But as luck would have it, their most recent relocation has returned Eita to his hometown for his final semester of high school. For better or worse, it also sparks the rekindling of old relationships left behind in the past. With graduation already causing its own share of anxieties, Eita's sudden arrival brings these students' carefree days to an abrupt end. Long-forgotten memories, deeply buried emotions, and inspiring new passions—everything is brought to light in their bittersweet final semester. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Itsuki Hashima is a light novelist obsessed with little sisters, strictly focusing on them when he writes his stories. Despite his personality, he is surrounded by a tight circle of friends: Nayuta Kani, a genius yet perverted novelist who is in love with him; Haruto Fuwa, a fellow male author whose work has seen considerable success; Miyako Shirakawa, a good friend that he met in college; and Chihiro, his perfect younger step-brother who takes care of the housework and cooking.  Together, they play strange games, go on spontaneous journeys, crack silly jokes, and celebrate each other's successes. However, each individual must also deal with their own issues, whether it is struggling to meet a deadline or coming to terms with traumatic events buried in their past. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Amid the desolate remains of a once-thriving city, only the rumbling of a motorbike breaks the cold winter silence. Its riders, Chito and Yuuri, are the last survivors in the war-torn city. Scavenging old military sites for food and parts, the two girls explore the wastelands and speculate about the old world to pass the time. Chito and Yuuri each occasionally struggle with the looming solitude, but when they have each other, sharing the weight of being two of the last humans becomes a bit more bearable. Between Yuuri's clumsy excitement and Chito's calm composure, their dark days get a little brighter with shooting practice, new books, and snowball fights on the frozen battlefield.  Among a scenery of barren landscapes and deserted buildings, Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou tells the uplifting tale of two girls and their quest to find hope in a bleak and dying world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Now in his second year of high school, Rei Kiriyama continues pushing through his struggles in the professional shogi world as well as his personal life. Surrounded by vibrant personalities at the shogi hall, the school club, and in the local community, his solitary shell slowly begins to crack. Among them are the three Kawamoto sisters—Akari, Hinata, and Momo—who forge an affectionate and familial bond with Rei. Through these ties, he realizes that everyone is burdened by their own emotional hardships and begins learning how to rely on others while supporting them in return.  Nonetheless, the life of a professional is not easy. Between tournaments, championships, and title matches, the pressure mounts as Rei advances through the ranks and encounters incredibly skilled opponents. As he manages his relationships with those who have grown close to him, the shogi player continues to search for the reason he plays the game that defines his career. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It can be rough transferring to a new school—even more so if you don't want to make any friends, like Nobuaki Kanazawa. But the reason for his antisocial behavior soon becomes clear when his class receives a text from someone called "The King." Included are instructions for the "King's Game," and all class members must participate. Those who refuse to play, quit halfway, or don't follow an order in the allotted time of 24 hours will receive a deadly punishment. Having played the game before and watched as those around him died, Nobuaki tries to warn his clueless classmates. Unfortunately, they only believe him after the King's Game claims its first casualties. Stuck in a horrific situation with no chance of escape, Nobuaki has a choice: put his own survival above those around him, or do what he couldn't before and save his classmates. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Haruka Shinozaki has been interested in the class representative, Akiho Kousaka, since his first year in high school. She is attractive, good at sports, and is an all-around model student. Since they are in the same class this year, Shinozaki decides to confess his feelings—and, to his shock, Kousaka agrees to be his girlfriend! However, he finds that Kousaka is a bit stranger than he first thought: this seemingly perfect girl has never been in a relationship. But even though she is inexperienced, she vows to please Shinozaki in every way she can... such as learning multiple sex positions or his fetishes. Shinozaki tries to assure her that her studies into such subjects aren't necessary, but Kousaka devotes herself to making him happy in more ways than one. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Umaru Doma is a model student who has a hidden side: when she gets home each day, she puts on her hamster hoodie and turns into a sluggish otaku fond of junk food. As Umaru continues these daily antics, the friendship between her and her classmates—Nana Ebina, Kirie Motoba, and Sylphinford Tachibana—deepens, and more and more interesting events begin to unfold. Of course, these events give rise to numerous questions. What did Nana ask of Umaru's brother Taihei? Who is the mysterious girl with the diamond hairpin? And most important of all: why does this girl seem to know Umaru? These questions and more will be answered in Himouto! Umaru-chan R! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a world covered by an endless sea of sand, there sails an island known as the Mud Whale. In its interior lies an ancient town, where the majority of its inhabitants are said to be "Marked," a double-edged trait that grants them supernatural abilities at the cost of an untimely death. Chakuro is the village archivist; young and curious, he spends his time documenting the discovery of newfound islands. But each one is like the rest—abandoned save for the remnants of those who lived there long ago.  For the first time in six months, another island crosses the horizon, so Chakuro and his friends join the scouting group. During the expedition, they find vestiges of an archaic civilization. And inside one of its crumbling remains, Chakuro discovers a girl who will change his destiny and the world inside the Mud Whale as he knows it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When 15-year-old Kino is feeling weighed down by heavy thoughts, one thing always manages to cheer her up: traveling. Nothing fills her heart with joy like exploring the beautiful, wonderful world around her and the fascinating ways people find to live. However, Kino is not as helpless as her cute appearance and courteous demeanor suggest. Armed with "Cannon" and "Woodsman," her trusted handguns, Kino isn’t afraid to kill anyone who would dare to get in her way. Always by her side is her best friend and loyal companion Hermes, a sentient motorcycle, who supports Kino through the sorrows and hardships of their journey. Together, they travel the vast countryside with the shared goal of always moving forward, and a single rule: never stay in one country for more than three days. As Kino and Hermes encounter new people and learn the rules of their civilizations, they grow and find out more about their own values and virtues. But as Kino slowly discovers the world around her, she also finds herself facing dangers that linger within the vast unknown. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On May 1, 1945 in Berlin, as the Red Army raises the Soviet flag over the Reichskanzlei, a group of Nazi officers conduct a ritual. For them, the slaughter in the city is nothing but the perfect ritual sacrifice in order to bring back the Order of the 13 Lances, a group of supermen whose coming would bring the world's destruction. Years later, no one knows if this group of officers succeeded, or whether they lived or died. Few know of their existence, and even those who knew began to pass away as the decades passed. Now in December in the present day in Suwahara City, Ren Fujii spends his days at the hospital. It has been two months since the incident that brought him to the hospital: a fight with his friend Shirou Yusa where they almost tried to kill each other. He tries to value what he has left to him, but every night he sees the same dream: a guillotine, murderers who hunt people, and the black clothed knights who pursue the murderers. He is desperate to return to his normal, everyday life, but even now he hears Shirou's words: "Everyone who remains in this city eventually loses their minds." (Source: ANN)
In the decade since the world became aware of the existence of magic, the world has undergone a massive upheaval. However, a boy named Touta lives in seclusion in a rural town far removed from these changes. His ordinary life is highlighted by his magic-using female teacher and his supportive friends. When his tranquil daily life is disrupted, he embarks on a unique adventure. (Source: ANN)
Chisato Mizusawa is a calm and collected assistant office manager who apparently dislikes drinking alcohol. But she actually likes it and has a secret side to her that emerges only when drunk: her cute persona, which she only reveals to her husband, the bartender Sora. Each day when Chisato comes home, Sora takes care of his beloved wife, providing her with a good meal and a fresh drink. These drinks include Plum Splet, Irish Coffee, Orange Breeze, and many more tasty concoctions that she eagerly gulps down. But as much as she likes alcohol, she loves her kindhearted husband more. Together, they share a life that is filled with happiness—and the more-than-occasional cocktail. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Miou Aida and Haruki Serizawa might seem like polar opposites to those around them, but as the two third-years prepare to end their high school experience, they couldn't have been been closer. While Miou is a shy and reserved member of the school art club that prefers to stay out of the limelight, Haruki is the boisterous and confident ace of the movie club, already winning awards for his directing prowess. However, after a previous chance encounter during their school entrance ceremony, they quickly become friends despite their stark differences in personality. But although their closeness might be growing, they've never become anything more than just that, much to the bewilderment of their friends. As their time in high school draws to a close, Miou and Haruki, along with their friends in the art and movie clubs, have just one year left to face their hidden feelings and the daunting task of deciding their future careers. The two might always be only an arm's reach away, but as Haruki chases his dream of becoming a professional movie director and Miou struggles with choosing a path for herself, they'll learn just how hard it is to get past those last 10 centimeters. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a bustling village of spirits, Yuzu, a cheerful fox girl, starts her first job as an attendant at the traditional hot springs inn Konohanatei. Though Yuzu has no experience working at such a high-class establishment, Kiri, the affable and reliable head attendant, immediately puts her to work learning the basics. While Yuzu's eagerness initially proves to be more of a hindrance than a blessing, her playful nature brings a unique charm to the inn, as both customers and her fellow workers quickly warm up to her clumsy yet well-meaning mistakes. Under the guidance of the other foxes—the rigid Satsuki, the carefree Natsume, the critical Ren, and the quiet Sakura—Yuzu steadily learns the trade of an inn attendant while learning to love the magical world surrounding her. Konohana Kitan presents the heartwarming tale of a simple fox girl forging bonds with others and finding a home amidst the mysterious, beautiful world of spirits. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Sixth season of Gintama.
Having decided to walk down a path separate from their inspirations as idols, the girls of Aqours are more determined than ever to shine brilliantly as school idols. With their previous performance marginally increasing the number of prospective students for their endangered school, they look to carry the momentum of their small step forward into the school's upcoming open house and the next Love Live competition. Hoping to use these events to bring more attention to their school, the nine girls look to give their best performances yet. Unfortunately, these small steps forward are not enough to convince Mari Ohara's father from changing his plans. Undeterred by Mari's pleas for reconsideration, the decision to close down the school is made official, putting an end to Uranohoshi Girls' High School's student recruitment, including the open house. Though all hope seems to be lost, the school idols refuse to give up. Faced with impossible odds, Aqours sings, dances, and shines in the hopes of bringing about a miracle. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Within Cardia Beckford's hazy memories, she can recall her father Isaac and the home where she lives alone, feared as a monster by the townsfolk—for in her body, she carries a deadly substance. Embedded in her chest by her father, the eternally beating heart—also known as Horologium—has the capability to produce infinite power. However, it also makes her skin destroy anything it touches. Many in London seek the Horologium, including the terrorist organization Twilight, with whom Isaac is rumored to have close ties. To obtain the Horologium's power, the British military forces Cardia to leave her home as their prisoner. But on the road, she is whisked away by the gentleman thief Arsène Lupin, who says he will steal her heart. Joining Lupin and his companions, Cardia begins a journey to discover the truth behind Isaac's connection with Twilight, her missing memories, and the Horologium within her chest. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After dreaming about an anime she used to watch as a child, Minoa Asagaya could not forget a particularly memorable scene. However, despite her best efforts, she cannot recall the name of the show. Due to this, Minoa asks for help from her fellow classmates at Sakaneko High School. Her conversation is overheard by Arisu Kamiigusa, the most popular and wealthy girl in class who is also a hardcore otaku. Yet even with her vast knowledge, Arisu does not recognize the show. After discovering that there isn't an anime club at their school, Minoa and Arisu create the Anime Research Club, as they may obtain the answer to Minoa's mystery if they gather people who share the same interest. Thus, Minoa is exposed to a bizarre new world—the world of anime! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Corruption looms over the prosperous Russell City, where manifestations of negative emotions called Horrors cause chaos and mayhem. The Makai Order is the last bastion of hope against these unholy creatures. Using several small businesses as fronts, they deploy powerful Makai Knights and magical Makai Alchemists to combat the Horror threat.  Within this secretive order, the highest rank of Golden Knight has been bestowed upon a large, powerful man named Sword, granting him use of the Garo armor and blade. He alone knows of a plot that threatens the entire Makai Order, with his only hint being the phrase “El Dorado." While fighting a Horror, he encounters Sophia "Sophie" Hennis, a teenage girl whose brother's disappearance years ago is also linked to the same phrase. The two agree to work together to uncover the truth behind "El Dorado" and the disappearance of Sophie's brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Severe internet addiction has become an epidemic infecting the nation's youth, ultimately resulting in their extreme dependence on the world wide web. Those who are too far gone are enrolled at Elite Reeducation Academy in order to help them grow into successful adults. Hibiki is one such teenager who awakens in the facility unaware of how he came to be there. He learns from the head instructor that he was knocked out and brought to the school at his mother's behest, concerned with how belligerent her son was becoming as a result of his internet addiction.  Stuck in a place more akin to a prison than an academy, and with no escape from the abuses of the instructors, Hibiki decides to end his life by jumping from the roof. But as fate would have it, he meets a mysterious man named Shin who promises to give his life meaning...  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Teacher Nano Saikawa hasn't given much thought to marriage, but her father's friend wants her to have a marriage interview with his son, Souichirou Takamiya. After the interview, they spend the day together. As they gradually become more comfortable with one another, Souichirou asks for her hand in marriage. Things quickly heat up between them, and the two wind up in bed together. However, when she removes his glasses, she discovers he is not Souichirou; he is actually one of her problem students, Souji Kuga! Souji's explanation is watertight: when he realized his brother was to be Nano's intended, Souji posed as him in order to be with her. And what's more, he is even confident that his family will approve of their marriage. However, an illicit relationship with a student is the last thing Nano wants. But will she be able to resist his charms, especially when her body begins to ache for his? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second season of Osomatsu-san.
Pingu and his family move from their small village to the big city; in which there are many people with many different occupations. The ever-curious Pingu tries to join them at their jobs, but his mischievous side gets the better of him and he ends up messing things up. (Source: ANN)
Set in the flourishing world of Jinga that was formerly a prosperous and peaceful realm, the female protagonist is deemed to be the key to bring back order and to rule this world. Chaos started when people, specifically soldiers, who have special powers like turning into a vampire and a man-wolf, called the Getsugazoku, fight for their land. These soldiers of different species would put their life on the line and fight as they follow their own thoughts and ideals. Until one day, she was called by a mysterious lady named "Himemiko" due to the protagonist's blood bearing a mysterious power to give strength, healing, and to awake Jingazoku's real form. This is a story of love and war that she must not miss in order to rule the world. (Source: MAL News)
Just as in this life, the afterlife needs a calm troubleshooter to deal with the bureaucratic headaches that come from keeping things in order. Enter Hozuki: a cool and collected demon who’s badly in need of a vacation. (Source: HIDIVE)
Three girls have been chosen by the great Shinju-sama to be heroes and fight against the destructive beings known as Vertexes—enemies that threaten the harmony and safety of the world. Unsure of when they would be called to duty, Sumi Washio, Sonoko Nogi, and Gin Minowa spent their time idly. However, with the sudden appearance of a Vertex, they realize they have no idea how to fight together as magical girls when they are nearly bested. They manage to defeat their enemy by sheer determination, but in the aftermath of the battle, the three decide to fix their teamwork issues and improve their combat capabilities. But as more enemies appear—and requiring even more power to defeat their nemeses—the girls may find themselves irreversibly changed by the use of their magic. What price will they have to pay to ensure victory, and is it one worth paying if humanity will be saved? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Three high school girls are putting together a limited-time shop called "PARK" in Japan's Harajuku. One day, aliens come to Earth with the intent to steal the famed district's culture. At the same time, a mysterious girl appears. The three girls band together to defeat the alien threat and protect their beloved Harajuku. (Source: ANN)
Having fulfilled their destiny during the events of Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru, Sanshu Middle School's Hero Club—consisting of Yuuna Yuuki, Karin Miyoshi, and siblings Fuu and Itsuki Inubouzaki—is back in full swing, helping out those in need wherever they can. They have also gained a new member, a hero from the past named Sonoko Nogi. But eventually they notice that someone who should be among them, Mimori Tougou, is missing; any trace of her existence is completely gone, save for the girls' memories. With no leads on Tougou's whereabouts, the girls regain the ability to transform and begin the desperate search for their lost friend. But what they find is more shocking than any of them could ever have imagined, and the consequences of their actions begin to change life as they know it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two Car follows high schoolers Yuri Miyata and Megumi Meguro as they battle six other rival pairs in the sport of motorcycle sidecar racing. (Source: MAL News)
A newly created entertainment agency, 315 Production, specializes in scouting prospective idols who previously held other jobs. Whether they were a former lawyer, surgeon, or pilot, they had a place at the agency. As they grow to understand their new positions, they'll aim to achieve their dreams of becoming top idols! (Source: The Idolm@ster Wikia)
SOARA, Growth, SolidS, and QUELL are four groups belonging to Tsukino Entertainment Production (AKA TSUKIPRO). The slice of life music anime "PRO ANI" depicting their music overflowing with uniqueness and the drama surrounding their lives begins now! Will you open this glittering treasure box of music? (Source: Crunchyroll)
The series will depict college students as they prepare and participate in a RoboMasters tournament. (Source: ANN)
"Wake Up, Girls!" is the story of growth and friendship of seven girls living in Sendai, Miyagi who form the idol group "Wake Up, Girls! (WUG)" and work together to become top idols. Operating under a small production company in Sendai known as "Green Leaves Entertainment," WUG overcame countless obstacles to beat national idol group "I-1 club" at the Idol Festival and win the event. They had suddenly become top idols... but with an idol recession going on, things weren't so easy. The days of steady and honest idol work continued for the girls. Meanwhile, Sendai-based middle school trio Hayashi Ayumi, Morishima Otome, and Atsugi Itsuka have developed an increasing desire to become idols... (Source: wikia.com)
Hiiragi Kyouichirou is a boy who travels from his provincial town to Tokyo to attend university. He carries with him his family's sword to protect himself. When he arrives in Tokyo, he becomes swept up in a plot by the Imperial army. (Source: ANN)
Emi is a seventeen-year-old girl living in Shibuya. Her father is always away with work and she's grown listless. Suddenly, a twist of fate involving a certain magical item changes everything. A mysterious pencil, of all things, is linked to the appearance of heroes from another world! Could this be the start to the excitement she's so desperately craving, or is there something more? (Source: VIZ Media)
Dynamic Chord is a record company and music agency representing the hottest artists right now with, in particular, four of the country's most popular bands. They are rêve parfait with its own unique world view and progressive sound, Liar-S, an emo rock band, KYOSO, a group of highly-polished performers, and apple-polisher, which fuses dance with rock and roll. Against the backdrop of Japan's four seasons, comes a realistically depicted documentary movie about the encounters, breakups and trajectory of these 16 band members as they vie for musical preeminence. (Source: TBS Global Business)
The second season of Cinderella Girls Gekijou.
Second season of ClassicaLoid.
We met and shared one death in two lives. What's beyond the end of the horizon? Death… hope… freedom… A girl was born with the secret to the end. She... is not allowed to live freely. "Freedom" was just a word she yearns for. She lived in a closed and narrow world. Her life is chosen by someone. Therefore, she thought, if the God only gives me a scenario with no freedom, I want to share the "death" with you, not that "someone." I want to give the half of destiny to her, even if I have to share the "death" with her. (Source: MAL News)
The series follows Nozomu Tokura as he tries to get more sales to the cafe he recently opened with the new helpers he met.
A hot-blooded anime on the topic of e-sports based on the real Chinese online game 300 Da Zuozhan (300 Heroes).  Former top professional gamer Aoba Kaito returns to the gaming circle to regain his professional qualification which was deprived due to a doping suspicion. He and his friends confront against the conspiracy and rise to the top of the leaderboards. 
Fourth season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Second season of Love Kome: We Love Rice.
The animation tells the story of Xiao Shuai who has gone into a cool running world by accident and is embroiled in a dispute between parkour colleges.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Second season of Time Bokan 24.
The sound of yodeling will appear when you least expect it. 
The series features colorful stop-motion mascot characters made out of pipe cleaners. In Japanese, "aiseki" refers to the situation of sharing a table at a restaurant with a person you don't know. The show is surreal datsuryoku-kei comedy with a variety of male guest voice actors who banter with Fuyumi and Haruko at a table in the Mongol Cafe.
10 years ago, a mysterious stone which looks just like an egg was found. This egg turns out to be an ancient legendary Dragon Egg and it later transformed in to a dragon. People call this the ‘First Hatching’ and found out that they are able to use a dragon’s powerful energy only if they can speak the language of dragon. Soon after they found out this, an international society choose talented children to communicate with dragon and train them to carry out impossible missions. This group of children are called as Knights of Dragon. The Knights of Dragon carry out impossible missions successfully by finding dragons and their language hidden all around the world. Everything working out great only before they got attack from Defectors… (Source: Official YouTube channel)
The story takes place in a village called Sylvania, and centers on Chocolate Usagi-chan, Kurumi Risu-kun, and their friends and families.  (Source: ANN)
Gonglyong Mecard is a spin-off-series of Mecard, based on the idea that dinosaurs didn't become extinct 65 million years ago, but transformed into mecanimals. Its characters don't have any relations to the cast from Turning Mecard, Turning Mecard W and Turning Mecard R. (Source: Gonglyong Mecard Wikia)
An alien named Luckle from the planet Lucky Star crashes their spaceship in Mori Town. He has the ability to give "lucky" or "unlucky" outcomes to people via telekinesis. Lala-chan helps him get to safety but in doing so, the town (and her friends) thinks she's harboring a dangerous being using it to do crimes no thanks to Salmiakki. Unfortunately a darker power lurks to bring wickedness upon Mori Town by corrupting Salmiakki even further.
Turning Mecard R was announced as a CG-reboot of Turning Mecard. It features the same characters as Turning Mecard and Turning Mecard W. (Source: Wikia)
It follows the fan favorite character Vandyne as his hidden secrets are revealed. Unlike the Turning Mecard R reboot, which exclusively uses 3DCG visuals, this series is like the earlier entries and is animated with 2D and 3D visuals. The mini-series is part of a new promotional campaign from Sono Kong. The Korean toy manufacturer will launch four new mechanimals this month at retail. (Source: toonbarn.com)
Fourth season of Dayan the Cat.
Ninth season of Boonie Bears.  The Bear Brothers, Briar and Bramble, are back, in a whole new adventure! This time, the logger Vick has finally decided to hang up his chainsaw for good, and to do something to help the forest instead. When the new girl Carly shows up in town, Vick agrees to be her tour guide and help her on a quest to find her lost friend Kitty, who happens to be a Siberian Tiger. (Source: Official Vimeo Channel)
A short anime that airs within "Enkame: That's Enka Tainment" (and enka variety show) program on Asahi TV. It follows a cast of ice cream characters.
The 4th season of Ukkari Pénélope. 
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja. Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life. New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto: Naruto Next Generations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Holy Grail is a powerful, ancient relic capable of granting any wish the beholder desires. In order to obtain this power, various magi known as "masters" summon legendary Heroic Spirits called "servants" to fight for them in a destructive battle royale—the Holy Grail War. Only the last master-servant pair standing may claim the Grail for themselves. Yet, the third war ended inconclusively, as the Grail mysteriously disappeared following the conflict. Many years later, the magi clan Yggdmillennia announces its possession of the Holy Grail, and intends to leave the Mage's Association. In response, the Association sends 50 elite magi to retrieve the Grail; however, all but one are killed by an unknown servant. The lone survivor is used as a messenger to convey Yggdmillennia's declaration of war on the Association. As there are only two parties involved in the conflict, the Holy Grail War takes on an unusual form. Yggdmillennia and the Mage's Association will each deploy seven master-servant pairs, and the side that loses all its combatants first will forfeit the artifact. As the 14 masters summon their servants and assemble on the battlefield, the magical world shivers in anticipation with the rise of the Great Holy Grail War. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tatara Fujita is a shy middle schooler who has no particular plan for the future. He has gotten through life by avoiding any kind of confrontation and blending in with the crowd. But blending in isn't enough to get out of trouble, as some bullies harass him for money. Luckily, he is saved by a man named Kaname Sengoku. Kaname invites Tatara to his dance studio. Although he would normally never set foot in such a place, Tatara is captivated by Sengoku's commanding presence. Granted an opportunity to dance with fellow classmate Shizuku Hanaoka—who often practices at the studio—Tatara realizes there's something about the idea of being put in the limelight and dancing where people will see him that keeps him coming back. With an earnest, passionate drive to improve, Tatara begins his journey into the world of competitive dance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tughril Mahmut is a young pasha serving on the Divan of the Türkiye Stratocracy. The clouds of war are gathering over his country due to the threat of an aggressive Empire. With the Divan split between warmongers and the pacifists, Mahmut begins his quest to keep the peace at any cost. As he finds himself deeper and deeper in the politics of the ancient world, new enemies and allies surface. Who will prevail? What will Mahmut do if war proves to be inevitable?
Inaba Yuushi's parents died in his first year of middle school, and he moved in with his relatives. Though they did care for him, he could tell he was a burden. After he graduated, he happily prepared to move to a high school with a dormitory. Unfortunately, the dormitory burned to the ground before he could move in! Yuushi doesn't want to live with his grudging relatives, but it's rough finding lodging as an orphaned student with little money. He finally finds a room in a nice old building which seems too good to be true. The catch is that it is a Monster House, a place where humans and supernatural creatures—ghosts, mononoke, etc.—live together. Another high schooler lives there, a cute girl named Akine, and she's completely unfazed by the monsters. In fact, she can even exorcise evil spirits! Yuushi's high school life just got much stranger than he ever bargained for! (Source: MangaHelpers)
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
The seal that for hundreds of years had confined the demon king Giri has worn off. A young boy named Nike is chosen (against his will) as the hero. Together with Kukuri, a girl who is the lone survivor of the tribe that had used black magic to seal Giri, they set off to save the world, RPG style. (Source: ANN)
In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.  One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago. (Source: ASCII.jp)
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
This is a world where both men and monsters exist. Those who hunt the monsters are called Hunters. But in a small corner of the Hunter's world, there are those called Riders who bond with and coexist with monsters. With their Kizuna Ishi (Bonding Stones) that allow them to awaken the hidden power inside monsters, Riders live in secrecy together with their Otomon, the monsters they formed a connection with. Ryuto, a young boy living in the Rider village of Hakum, dreams of becoming the world's best Rider. Having just turned 12, he sets out to find his own Otomon for himself before the ceremony where he is given his own Kizuna Ishi. Together with his kind-hearted childhood friend Cheval, his inquisitive childhood friend Lilia, and his partner Naville, he sets out deep into the forest, and has a miraculous encounter with a Rathalos. (Source: ANN, edited)
Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths. At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve. Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Dorogoza Island is rich in "Drop Energy" that players can use on friendly monsters. Once strong enough, they can face enemies in puzzle wars. Winners reap rewards, but what happens to the losers? Only the brave can take on these monstrous challenges! (Source: FUNimation)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Ichika Usami is a second year high school student who loves sweets and wishes to work in a patisserie, but struggles to make anything good. One day, she encounters a fairy named Pekorin, who is able to detect "kirakiraru", an element residing in sweets that represent the feelings put into them. However, evil fairies start to steal the kirakiraru for themselves, leaving the sweets black and lifeless. Determined to protect the sweets, Ichika gains the power of the Legendary Patisserie and transforms into the Pretty Cure, Cure Whip, to protect the kirakiraru. Joined by five other Pretty Cures, Ichika opens up the mobile sweet shop, Kirakira Patisserie, and spends her days making sweets while fighting against those who seek to steal kirakiraru and bring misfortune to the world. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
The story focuses on Yui, a girl who lives in the town of Paparajuku, and who dreams of being an idol, even if she realizes that being an idol is next to impossible for her. Her friends often remark on how much she dreams about it. But then, the PriPara idol theme park opens in her town, and that an idol named Laala is coming to town from Parajuku, which only makes Yui dream even bigger. The new PriPara theme park has been updated with new concepts. However, due to a system error, Laala is no longer able to PriPara Change. (Source: ANN)
The anime follows Makoto, a young boy who gains superpowers due to an evil gene manipulation experiment. Makoto and other youths join the Avengers as apprentices named "Future Avengers." The anime will show Makoto and others as they train, fight villains and grow, under Avengers members Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, and Wasp.  (Source: ANN)
The story revolves around a girl named Yuuka, who encounters a being from the depths of the Earth named Chii-chan (a pun of chiteijin, the Japanese word for underground-dweller), and an alien named Ucchan (a pun of uchuujin or alien). The story follows their heartwarming and chaotic everyday lives together. 
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
The story centers around an elementary school teacher who is so stupid that he cannot even write his own name. He does whatever he likes in his classroom. Plus, by all appearances, he is not human. (Source: ANN)
The fourth season of Future Card Buddyfight.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the new series' story, the balance of the Creature World is starting to crumble. A talking deck case named Decky comes to the human world to search for a Duel Master to preserve equilibrium. There he sees Joe's power to create creatures. (Source: ANN)
Second Season of Rilu Rilu Fairilu: Yousei no Door.
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Second season of Shounen Ashibe: Go! Go! Goma-chan.
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Sequel series to Furusato Saisei: Nihon no Mukashibanashi.
A little bit in the future, the government has established a brand new organization with the purpose of rescuing lives to respond to the increasingly complicated and varied types of disasters, accidents and crimes that go beyond human comprehension. It is called the "Mobile Emergency Police DRIVE HEAD" force combining specialized police, firefighting and rescue skills. "DRIVE HEAD" is an advanced mobile device that transforms in form factor from car to humanoid walker vehicle. The drivers are high-aptitude, grade school students such as Go Kurumada who collaborate with mobile emergency police adults and rush to crisis situations to secure public safety and preserve the peace for all! (Source: TBS Global Business)
Based on the characters created by Study.
The series stars a cat with a lack of energy who speaks while lying down, yet has a thorough personality. He thinks various things and has fun watching humans.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The series centers around two cats: a younger sister named Neko, and an older brother named Mata. Neko is a nekomata (a mythical two-tailed cat), innocently selfish, and spoiled by her brother. Mata is a neighborhood cat with an eartipped mark as a sign of being neutered. They meet under a streetlight in the city at night to talk. (Source: ANN)
In "a certain era" on "a certain continent," banal things are happening. The construction of "Large-Scale Leisure Facilities" has demanded that all the villages are to be evicted. When these demands are denied, the village and its residents are obliterated. A boy named Chap once lived in tranquility, but that happiness soon came crumbling down. He decides to embark on a journey of revenge, but soon falls madly in love with the king's daughter, Princess Melora. In order to fulfill her selfish wishes, he gathers his friends in order to overcome the impossible.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
The second season of Flowering Heart.
(No synopsis yet.)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
Second season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
(No synopsis yet.)
Deeky is a wolf whose wild appearance belies his pure-hearted and slightly gossipy moe nature. Carina is a squirrel whose soft and cuddly appearance hides the black and beating heart of a hard rock monster. Together they form a band to compete in a rock music competition. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A tourism promotional anime for the Akita prefecture. Highlighting Akita cuisine, actors, landmarks, etc. through the banter of two high school friends who are a red oni and an akita (dog breed). 
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Sequel to Panpaka Pants W-O-New!. 
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
Tokiko-san got the job of making quizzes/brain-teasers/riddles for Chuukyou Television Broadcasting (a real TV station that airs the anime the fictional character works for). In particular: matchstick puzzles. The show focuses on her trying to make puzzles as well as her early life, family, personality that lead to her profession—particularly her compulsiveness for organization.
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Fifth season of the Washimo series.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The series follows a young girl named Shina who hopes to become the world's best DJ, and is interested in new sounds. Shina explores a mysterious world filled with Otoppe, strange creatures capable of unique sounds.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Fairies living in a fluffy forest, where both flowers and trees are fluffy. Follow a witch's trouble-maker apprentices Pui Pui and Muu Muu. 
An animated adaptation of the mobile game of the same name. Each episode is composed of two stories. The story is set in the future, after the destruction of machine civilization which leaves humans in a more primitive state. Dinosaurs, woolly mammoths, saber-tooth tigers, etc. roam free, as their species were brought back to life and modified to be friendlier thanks to cloning fossil samples during the machine civilization era. Children can become Stone Leaders by having one of these creatures as a "pet" which they can do friendly battles with against others.
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
Unicorn no Kyupi is a helpful sprite that lives in the kitchen and polishes dirty pots and pans clean with its fluffy white body. Harigorou, a rival sprite shaped like a hedgehog, tries to interfere.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Attempting to make GG Bond the partner for Iron Fist, Mr. Mihoo disguised himself as a school teacher, showing GG Bond the charm of interstellar shuttling. GG Bond took his invitation and became an agent. As GG Bond’s pet and mission partner, Iron Fist had the power to absorb everything. His biggest secret was that his stomach linked to the infinite fifth dimension. One day Iron Fist ate the stone of eternal energy. The universe would lose balance without the stone. GG Bond had to enter into Iron Fist’s fifth dimension searching for it. After all adventures and difficulties, he finally brought it out and saved the world. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
The second season of Chuldong! Super Wings. One major change in the story is that uncle Jimbo has retired to travel the world and his niece, Sky, takes over being the main traffic controller for the airport.
The Soul Tree, the great source of our race. But for its ultimate power and by those whose minds were blinded by it, it also became the catastrophic cause that had brought never-ending wars between the tribes. Tortured by the agonies of the wars, the leaders of the tribes finally came to a peace agreement that they would instead open a competition. Players, equipped with special watches and shields, compete against each other as winner’s tribe would be awarded with Materion, the sacred fruit of the Soul Tree. These brave players, who throw themselves in this fierce fight, we call them the Runningman. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
Second season of Hitori no Shita: The Outcast.
Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble, suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school when a bunch of beautiful girls confess to him! Unfortunately for Jian Hao, he doesn't know any of the girls who have confessed to him... What on Earth is happening?
Original "chibi" styled animations of Imouto sae Ireba Ii. posted on the anime's official Twitter channel. Also included on the BD/DVD releases.
Super deformed parody shorts of Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou streamed on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel. They follow Chito and Yuuri in a classroom setting exploring what "school" might have been for people when civilization was still around.
(No synopsis yet.)
As the television anime Mahoutsukai no Yome debuts a new episode every week, one new 30-second episode of the series of shorts will debut every week on the official Twitter every Tuesday. The previous week's episode will no longer be available when each new episode debuts. (Source: ANN)
The official Twitter account for Mahoutsukai no Yome began streaming an episode 0 of the MahoYome anime shorts on Tuesday. In the episode, Chise, Elias, and Ruth debate about who should speak, and Chise eventually introduces the anime. (Source: ANN)
Jiang Xiaobai starts his first ever job as an editor. His new work partner, writer Tong Li, however, continually gives him a hard time. Then one day, he learns that Tong Li is a long-lost friend from his childhood. Gradually, their past is revealed.
Commercials by Dunlop Tyres Japan for their Winter Maxx tire line. Episode 1 (Kimi e to Tsuzuku Michi) (The Road That Goes On to You): The anime short's story is set in a certain snowy land and centers on the intermingling feelings of three groups of men and women: a couple, a parent and child, and coworkers. Episode 2 (Hoshifuruoka no Yakusoku) (Promise of the Starry Hill): College student Yui was suddenly invited by her mother to visit an observatory on her 20th birthday. Yui has to travel along snow-covered roads to reach the observatory. The visit makes Yui remember going to the same observatory with her late father on every birthday when she was a small child. (Source: ANN)
The 6th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang
A 3-way collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope, Boruto: Naruto Next Generations, and TOHO Cinemas. The purpose is to promote a new TOHO theater opening up in Ueno on November 4, 2017. The collaboration video will also be available to view in TOHO Cinemas in Tokyo, Kanagawa, Chiba, and Saitama from Ocotober 21 - December 1.
A compilation of Girls & Panzer! and Girls & Panzer: Kore ga Hontou no Anzio-sen desu!.
Second Part to Monsuto Anime, it is not animated in full CG like its predecessor. "When the red moon rises, the apocalypse shall visit the world..." After many monster battles, Ren and his friends finally set all of the energy points free. But immediately afterward, Nostradamus gave a prophecy warning of a bleak future, enveloping all who heard it in indescribable anxiety. As the gang mulls over the prophecy, Mana is still struggling to understand Miroku's declaration that she holds "the power to change the world." After watching her for some time, Walpurgis tells Mana a truth she had been hiding from her. Meanwhile, Madarame is preparing to announce a new project to the world. What are his plans? And what did Walpurgis tell Mana? Are Ren and his friends headed for the dark future in the prophecy? The story finally reaches its exciting climax! (Source: Crunchyroll)
The story is set in New York which is lit up with Christmas lights. Tokyo Metropolitan Police officer Akari Kido is directing traffic while on her international exchange training program, when a witch-like character pulls a "Christmas Party" prank. Just before a runaway trailer truck smashes into Akari, a mysterious girl suddenly appears and shouts, "I'm going to protect New York and Akari!"  (Source: ANN)
Rin Suzune is a nine-year-old girl who, due to her parents' deaths, lives alone and runs her family's restaurant by herself. Since she is a child, she lacks the proper knowledge to cook good food and manage a business, so her attempts to make money are unsuccessful. To make matters worse, she is bullied in school for being poor! But through it all, Rin remains resilient. Although her restaurant's food is not the greatest, local residents are drawn to the establishment, hoping to lend Rin a hand because of her sincere nature. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Bonus segments of Cinderella Girls Gekijou 2nd Season streamed on The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls Mobage following the television broadcast.
Recap of the first nine episodes of Dies Irae from Marie's point of view.
Years ago, the gods fought against each other before being sealed away. However their artifacts remained in the souls of the HuaXia clan as part of a contract and hope that someday in the future, they will awaken once more using those artifacts. (Source: Baka-Updates Manga)
Incorporating the earlier two parts and adding additional footage as an epilogue, Keifuku-san features the adventures of a young girl in a railway conductor uniform and a floating manta ray as they explore an otherworldly space. The video features direction by Tatsuki, animation by Hirayasu, and art by Yukko (all members of animation studio irodori), as well as the voice talents of Yumiri Hanamori.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
The third season of Guomin Laogong Dai Huijia.
Onyankopon watched over people long ago, but one day an old woman accidentally hit Onyankopon in the head with a mallet while mashing yams. Since then, Onyankopon has been nervous about greeting people directly, and so sends subordinates to speak to them and solve their problems. He will use Afrobeat and dance to help Japanese high school girls with problems such as dieting, love, and cramming for exams. (Source: ANN)
At the end of the Shang dynasty of ancient China, Emperor Shou defied the will of the Gods. He openly declared to lead the people and to resist against the gods. Zi Shou bravely fought against Tian Kui, but only received laughter from the gods watching from above. He was then killed by Tian (another greater god) and broke the Immortal Phoenix armor. Wu Geng then woke up in the body of Ah Gou and realized he has now a wife named Bai Cai...
An animated "about 3-minutes long" history on .hack in honor of its 15th anniversary. Haseo and Kite in their chibi forms are here to explain the main story line of the multi-media franchise just in time for new viewers to get the .hack//G.U. Last Recode video game, which is a remaster of .hack//G.U. with a brand new chapter continuing the story, being released in the first week of November.
Working at an advertising agency, you suddenly become in charge of a new CM project. For an inaugural party, you had help from your friends to turn into a beauty from your normal homely office look. There you met an attractive man who saves you from falling down. But you find out he's the new hateful company president and he's set his eyes on you as prey!
(No synopsis yet.)
Shochiku began streaming a new short for the for the "petit anime" of Koisuru Shirokuma. The new short, titled "Hyouheki Don" (Ice Wall Slam), is a web-only exclusive, and cannot be seen in theaters unlike the other shorts.  The short begins with Seal attempting to escape the sleeping Polar Bear, still fearing that Polar Bear will eat him. But before Seal can get far, Polar Bear wakes up and runs to him. Seal pleads to Polar Bear not to eat him, but Polar Bear instead performs a kabe-don on Seal with a nearby ice wall.  (Source: ANN)
Inogashira Gorou eats and indulges at restaurants or ramen shops found on any street corners. He has become a liberal foodie removed from social obligations for a fleeting moment to satisfy his hunger. Solitary Gourmet... That's the solitary process of eating without interruption or worry that gives the most comfort to people equally. (Source: Jmanga)
Based on a manga about cats and their sake-loving owner. 
Web-exclusive next episode previews for Sora yori mo Tooi Basho released on Kadokawa anime official YouTube channel.
Namakura Gatana's 100th anniversary has now been honored with a "Kunoichi Chapter" sequel from noted anime shorts director Akitarou Daichi. Like a lot of his personal pieces, it's a bit crude... (Source: Crunchyroll)
A collaboration between Ponkotsu Quest and the video game Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth - Hacker's Memory for the latter's release on December 14, 2017.
In Shibuya, Tokyo in 2037, LayereD is a platform that uses mixed reality technology to create visualizations of the Internet in the real world. By using special devices, people can have various augmented-reality experiences. Users are able to bring things they imagine into the real world, allowing for a wide variety of self-expression. However, the system does not provide people the freedom it was supposed to, and people actually live in an oppressive society. In the Varna Counter system, harmful creations are eliminated in order to make LayereD "completely clean and healthy." Because users monitor each other to maintain regulations, society becomes rigid and constrained. (Source: ANN)
A promotional video for Star Wars: The Last Jedi, titled Star Wars: Saigo no Jedai in Japan. The video re-imagines the Star Wars cast in BB-8's cute design and recaps the events of the previous film Star Wars: The Force Awakens, titled Star Wars: Force no Kakusei in Japan.
Arihisa Aokura needs money. He needs money in order to support his family of orphans and earn a living at the same time. Looking online for potential employees, he finds a posting for a part time job in an "evil organization." Seeing that the pay and benefits were fairly substantial, he took the chance and took the interview. He was somehow hired and now has to work as a henchman inside the evil organization "Antares." Will he be able to survive the onslaught of missions against heroes while providing for his orphan brothers and sisters? (Source: MangaHelpers)
(No synopsis yet.)
Tekken published a flip book movie about the episode "The Force Awakens" in the series "Star Wars" celebrating the premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" (directed by Ryan Johnson) on the same day. The movie begins with the scene in which a group of Stormtroopers is marching, and continues with other scenes for instance when protagonist Rey meets BB-8, then confronts Kylo Ren - who intends to fulfil the legacy of Darth Vader - waking up the Force, when Rey meets Luke SkyWalker, a legendary Jedi; and depicts the whole film series. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
The story centers on Souji, who is kind but extremely timid. Souji, whose nickname is Mop, starts his first job at the neighborhood yakiniku shop "Sengoku." He struggles and grows together will his unique coworkers at the shop.  (Source: ANN)
A short animation promoting the Komaya company. A lonely sugar elephant searches for companionship.
This special focuses on Duanmu Rong. It tells a story happened when she was an apprentice doctor.
(No synopsis yet.)
An ad promoting Tokio Marine Nichido Fire Insurance Company's Drive Agent Personal service, a drive recording service that can be used in case of an accident. In the commercial, a mother is in an automobile accident. The commercial focuses on the parent-child relationship after the accident and the reassurance both feel thanks to the Drive Agent Personal service. The mother is driving her son, Hiroki, to the nearest subway station. He's enroute to take his school exams. He's initially cold to his mother who cheers him on only to find out afterwards that she was in an accident while purchasing him a good luck charm. He goes to visit her at the hospital where she apologizes to him, but he responds in frustration. The event changes the nature of their relationship and Hiroki comes to appreciate his mother more.  The commercial focuses on the theme of "protecting happiness" through the Drive Agent Personal service. It automatically contacts an accident reception center when the a strong shock is detected in the car. It will also contact the fire department and other emergency services. The insurance company hopes that the commercial will not only promote its service but give its customers peace of mind.  (Source: ANN)
In an alternate Azeroth, Thor and Loki have decidedly more Japanese names and face Ohera-san's (Hela) destructive wrath in what looks like ancient Japan. In reality, it's a silly short to promote the release of Thor: Ragnarok, titled Mighty Thor: Battle Royale in Japan.  (Source: ANN)
A promotional anime for the novel of the same name. It debuted during the Fukuyama Jun no "Wares" tte Nani?? live stream event. 
Kao Japan is a chemical and cosmetics company. They commissioned Tekken for a short to promote their cat litter and liner products. Chiisana Tayori, Ookina Tayori. means "small news, big news." where the small news is pee and the big news is poop. Urological diseases often found in cats are sometimes noticed in urine/small news. Kao Japan wants owners to be more proactive in checking their cats' health. And their product is a special pellet kitty litter with a litter tray that has a drainage shelf. A special pad goes on the lower section which catches urine. Owners are able to then see the volume and color of the urine to know if their cat is sick which traditional kitty litter does not provide.
(No synopsis yet.)
The new Break Go!Ga! toy line for boys is about combining the love of construction vehicles with battle bots, creating a customizable brawl of heavy duty equipment. Bandai is kicking off the toys' debut with a three-minute animated commercial demonstrating, albeit with some enhanced for animation abilities, the appeal of creating the best bot and crushing your opponent. The anime ad shows Red Cyclone and Slash Panzer's attacks. (Source: ANN)
Special short episode of Animegataris streamed on Niconico-douga.
(No synopsis yet.)
The "Mentori" mascot originates from a series of line stamps meant to evoke the feeling of "mendou da ga toriaezu henshin" (it's annoying, but I guess I'll reply). The anime follows the birds in a gag-filled comedy quite often breaking the 4th wall.  (Source: ANN)
Anniversary recaps of GJ8man. The recaps aired on the exact day as their 1st episodes of the seasons of the previous year (albeit the seasons are 12 eps long even though there is no break in airing and the ep count continues like normal and the show is a monthly release). The recaps are done in a variety show style where the GJ8man main cast watches clips of the show and gives commentary. 
A short film for Mentholatum, a mentholated balm company founded in 1894 now owned by the Japanese Rohto Pharmaceutical company. The film focuses on spreading warmth and kindness from hand to hand and was specifically released for Labor Thanksgiving Day, a Japanese national holiday that commemorates labor and production and giving one another thanks.
An "episode 0" streamed before the main series' release. The protagonist Eiji assembles "cunninglasses" so he can read his classmate's note about the boy she likes. In the end, he finds the last piece needed to make the glasses work, and reads her note that says "Eiji is pretty weird."  (Source: ANN)
A staff recruitment video for medical management consultants for Keiei Senryaku Kenkyuujo (Corporate Strategy Research Institute).
Woo and Wah are strange creatures with unknown genders. They are not siblings, nor a couple; their relationship can at most be approximated as "friends." Woo and Wah both have strange protrusions on their heads: a tentacle that stretches and shrinks with emotion, and is capable of grabbing things. The two live on the outskirts of town in the woods, preferring to keep away from the city. However, they do enjoy watching television.
Short educational videos teaching children English words.
An educational web anime where an apathetic elementary student Yukita, who is visiting his grandfather along with his sister, clicks a mysterious app on his KakoPad. The two children are suddenly teleported back to August 1, 1945--the same date as the Nagaoka air raid. The Nagaoka Fireworks Festival was founded in 1946. The event is in remembrance of those who died in WW2, specifically with the three shiragiku (white chrysanthemum fireworks) launched. The anime itself was commissioned by the foundation that organizes the Nagaoka Fireworks Festival. In 2003 and onward, the fireworks officially starts at 10:30pm, the same time the bombing began; and the duration of the short is 10min30sec long as well to mirror this very important time.
(No synopsis yet.)
Short animation produced and planned by the Live2D Creative Studio design team.
(No synopsis yet.)
Bundled with the 24th, 25th, and 26th volumes of the Shingeki no Kyojin manga. 
What's NEKOPARA? Why, it's a cat paradise! Kashou Minazuki, the son of a long line of Japanese confection makers moved out to open his own shop "La Soleil" as a patisserie. But upon moving out, hidden amongst his things were two of the catgirls, Chocola and Vanilla, that the family had been raising. When he tried to send them back, they begged and pleaded until he gave in and now they've opened La Soleil together. With two catgirls who really, REALLY love their master trying their very best and occasionally failing—a heartful comedy opens for business! (Source: Official site)
Unaired episodes 13 and 14 of Drifters released only on BluRay. They were not bundled with the volume 1-6 BD releases of the main show and released on their own separate disc.
What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass? The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla." The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed. (Source: Official website)
Bundled with the limited edition 5th volume of the Hajimete no Gal manga. 
Original 13th episode bundled with the limited edition 7th volume of the Busou Shoujo Machiavellianism manga.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
The protagonist and his lover want to have their first time together, but due to past trauma, he can't go any further. The elder sister of the Takesaka household notices his problem and wants to help him... with sexual lessons! Even his cousin and the one who caused his trauma join the party, and the battle of the best sexual lesson begins.
On the final day of summer vacation, Kokona Aoba is ready to spend some long-awaited time with her mother, but these plans are unfortunately canceled due to work. Opting to go outside instead, she takes a stroll down a familiar path—one where fond memories appear at every corner. Later, in the middle of autumn, Hinata Kuraue and Aoi Yukimura are looking through a scrapbook of their childhood. Snooping around in Aoi's room, Hinata finds that she has kept a strange acorn as a keepsake, but doesn't remember the reason why. As its discovery dwells on her, a wave of old memories comes forth, causing her to reminisce about a forgotten event from her childhood.  From time spent with loved ones to promises from the past, Yama no Susume: Omoide Present follows the three girls as they cherish old memories while crafting entirely new ones to remember. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the manga by Jyoka.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A boy stumbles upon a beautiful girl reading something in the park. What could she be reading? 
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A former science teacher receives a mysterious recruitment document, inviting him to a prestigious school. However, this school is not what it seems...
Based on erotic game by Frill.
"My name is Baja. That's what everyone calls me, so it's probably Baja. I came here from the outside world when I was little. As for what happened when I was born, I don't remember much of it." Kohata Anime Studio is a place full of dreams where animation is made. Baja was raised in this studio by the people who create animation. Floating in a pond outside is his friend the duck. Baja enjoys a fun and blissful daily life. One night, when all the people are no longer at the studio, Baja takes a peek outside and finds that his duck friend is being attacked by a cat. Will Baja be able to save his friend? A wondrous night adventure begins! (Source: MAL News)
Based on the doujin manga by Aomizuan.
Bundled with the limited edition volume 5 of the High & Low: G-Sword manga. 
The Holy Grail War: a violent battle between mages in which seven masters and their summoned servants fight for the Holy Grail, a magical artifact that can grant the victor any wish. Nearly 10 years ago, the final battle of the Fourth Holy Grail War wreaked havoc on Fuyuki City and took over 500 lives, leaving the city devastated.  Shirou Emiya, a survivor of this tragedy, aspires to become a hero of justice like his rescuer and adoptive father, Kiritsugu Emiya. Despite only being a student, Shirou is thrown into the Fifth Holy Grail War when he accidentally sees a battle between servants at school and summons his own servant, Saber.  When a mysterious shadow begins a murderous spree in Fuyuki City, Shirou aligns himself with Rin Toosaka, a fellow participant in the Holy Grail War, in order to stop the deaths of countless people. However, Shirou's feelings for his close friend Sakura Matou lead him deeper into the dark secrets surrounding the war and the feuding families involved. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
This film is the first on a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime. (Source: Wikipedia, ANN)
The final summer of the 20th century... when mankind learns it is no longer the sole ruler of planet Earth. The planet is beset by the emergence of colossal creatures that roam the earth, and king among them is "Godzilla." For a half a century, these beasts engage in ferocious battle with each other and mankind. But humans, unable to compete, prepare for exile from their home planet. In the year 2048, a select few humans are chosen by the central government's artificial intelligence infrastructure to set out on an interstellar emigration vessel, the Aratrum, on an 11.9-light-year journey for the planet Tau-e in the Cetus constellation. But when they arrive after 20 years of space travel, the remnants of mankind find the environmental conditions on Tau-e to be much different than expected, and basically uninhabitable by humans. One youth on board the emigration vessel, Haruo, had seen his parents killed by Godzilla before his eyes when he was only 4 years old. Ever since, he has thought of nothing but returning to Earth to defeat Godzilla. With the doors to emigration now closed, Haruo and other crew spearhead a "return to Earth" decision despite severely attenuated and hazardous conditions on board for such a long trip back. Somehow, the Aratrum makes the return journey in one piece, but the home they return to has become an alien planet. 20,000 years have elapsed, and a new ecosystem has emerged atop the food chain. Can mankind take back its native planet? Will Haruo get his revenge? (Source: Official site)
The single film is composed of 4 short stories that take place in March as Haruka is about to graduate from high school. Titles: #1: Unmei no Choice! (Destined Choice!) #2: Hitou no Cooling Down! (Secret Hot Spring Cooling Down!) #3: Kessoku no Butterfly! (United Butterfly!) #4: Tabitachi no Eternal Blue! (Departing Eternal Blue!)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Ritsuka Tachibana. She lives a calm and unchanging life. Ritsuka's older brother Lindo returns from studying abroad in the United Kingdom. Shikou Academy student council president Rem Kaginuki calls on the girl, and she begins having mysterious encounters with the student council members. Her life changed a little from that day, but Ritsuka expected nothing more.  However, she comes home to find her mother collapsed with suspicious hooded men nearby. They were not human but devils, vampires, and exorcists seeking the Forbidden Grimoire. Ritsuka's former daily life crumbles around her, and she finds herself slowly becoming attracted to Rem, who helps her in her predicament. On the other hand, confusion deepens with regard to her brother who carries a secret. Ritsuka is unsure what path to choose as she finds herself at the center of a love story. (Source: ANN)
The story follows Benio "Haikara-san" Hanamura, who lost her mother when she was very young and has been raised by her father, a high-ranking official in the Japanese army. As a result, she has grown into a tomboy—contrary to traditional Japanese notions of femininity, she studies kendo, drinks sake, dresses in often outlandish-looking Western fashions instead of the traditional kimono, and is not as interested in housework as she is in literature. She also rejects the idea of arranged marriages and believes in a woman's right to a career and to marry for love. (Source: ANN)
A series of side stories of Donten ni Warau series. Some of the stories take place before and some after the end of the main series.
Compilation film for Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt 2nd Season. 
Recap movie of Touken Ranbu: Hanamaru.
Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage.  (Source: ANN)
The summary movie compiling episodes from the 3rd season of the anime with some new scenes.
Character Stage Greeting Manner Special's shown before main movie. Later included on the movie Blu-ray and DVD release.
Compilation film of Mobile Suit Gundam: Twilight Axis.
(No synopsis yet.)
Joker has come to Japan to steal the Eagle Talon Society's secret weapons in his continued scheme for pure chaos. However, the Justice League is on his trail, but there's something off with Batman. Now, it's up to Eagle Talon to go find out what's wrong with Batman, and that means going back in time to Bruce Wayne's most traumatic experience, the murder of his parents. If that wasn't enough to worry about, the Eagle Talon Society also have to keep their eyes on their production budget, especially with most of that money going towards the licensing fee for DC's popular characters. Will the Eagle Talon Society and the Justice League be able to stop the Joker before their budget dries up, and they're reduced to simple stick figures!?
Taking place 30 years after the events of the original Youkai Watch TV series. There was once a 11 year old boy named Keita Amano who held a wristwatch that could command Youkai, he would make friends with the Youkai and fulfill a great many deeds. But when the boy grew up, he lost his ability to see Youkai. And as for the wristwatch that could control Youkai, its existence threatened to disturb the balance between human and Youkai worlds, so it was cast away into oblivion beyond time and space. Soon ... the story of the Youkai controlling wristwatch became but a legend. But then, something took place after many, many years had passed ... an epidemic Youkai virus known as Onimaro started affecting people with malevolent intentions and is spreading indefinitely, turning them into Kaodeka Oni and causing chaos throughout the city. With the end near, only the ones chosen by a new Youkai Watch can stand up against the upcoming threat and would save both Youkai and humans from certain destruction. (Source: Wiki)
A 3DCG short screened alongside Kirakira☆Precure A La Mode Movie: Paritto! Omoide no Mille-Feuille!.
Film commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Kaiketsu Zorori children's book series. 
A short film spelling Tokyo in hiragana.
(No synopsis yet.)
Ice Kuritarou episodes made for and screened at 109 Cinemas during previews. It teaches movie theater etiquette.
This film depicts evolution from birth of life to whale in the sea with music and images by dedication to the American contemporary composer George Klum's "Vox Balaenae (1971)". There are 4 part, Proterozoic, Paleozoic, Mesozoic, and Cenozoic. (Source: Yamamura Animation)
An unaired 11th episode included with the Blu-ray BOX set release of the TV series. The episode is divided into two parts. Part A consists of Sakurai going over to Morioka's apartment in order to build her a new computer. In part B, Morioka has a dream where she and all her real life friends are characters in Fruits de Mer.
Short centering on a "Lost Room" where you can find what was lost—or those who lost. This room, which belongs to no one, lies forgotten in a corner of Chaldea. (Source: ANN)
Episode 0 of Dies Irae.
Included with the Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu complete Blu-ray Box.
The source material follows three girls — Kaede Makidera, Kane Himuro, and Yukika Saegusa — at Homurahara Academy, but has nothing to do with the efforts to restore the Human Order. (Source: ANN, edited)
Unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Granblue Fantasy The Animation.
Recap of the first 12 episodes of Mahoutsukai no Yome.
Picture drama episodes included on the DVD/Blu-ray Volumes of Kakegurui.
A recap episode of the original series made to connect Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru: Washio Sumi no Shou to the sequel series Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru: Yuusha no Shou.
Unaired episode included with the 7th Blu-ray volume of BanG Dream!.
Prequel story of The iDOLM@STER SideM featuring Jupiter.
Final episode of Kokuou-sama Goranshin released with the new Drifters episodes 13-14 Blu-ray disc.
Recap episode aired between episodes 9 and 10. 
An animated promotional video for the novel of the same title. The novel's story is set in the year 2060 with Tokyo's third Olympics close at hand. While a secret project using robots moves forward, notice of a terrorist threat arrives. The story's protagonist combats terrorism and aims to protect the heroine, to whom he has given his heart. Plot twists come one after another as the story unfolds to a moving conclusion. (Source: ANN)
Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style. Bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volumes 3 to 6 of the anime.
Unaired episodes of ''Cinderella Girls Gekijou 2nd Season'' included in the DVD and Blu-ray release.
Special showcasing the series' music aired between episodes 7 and 8. 
(No synopsis yet.)
A televised New Years commercial promoting the THE iDOLM@STER: Cinderella Girls - Starlight Stage (iOS/Android game) campaign starting the following day where you can receive 10 consecutive gifts in the gacha draw. The commercial opens with the girls listing off the best things to do for New Years.
A 4th Anniversary Monster Strike TV commercial featuring Egashira 2:50 (pronounced Egashira Nijigojuppun), a Japanese comedian. The first commercial in the promotion was originally released with the live actor. It was then fully rotoscoped and released again with some changes as an animated version.
Rantarou misunderstands an overheard comment from the Headmaster and leaves Ninjutsu Academy in shock. At the same time, the Dokutake Castle ninja team is once again up to no good...
NHK specials on parasports. The first episode covers blind soccer, with character designs by Yoichi Takahashi (from the Captain Tsubasa fame). And the second episode covers a female sprinter with a prosthetic leg, with character designs by Eisaku Kubonouchi (from the Hungry Days: Aoharu ka yo. fame). The specials featured interviews, coverage of the Paralympics, and an animated segment. This MAL entry will cover only the animated segment. 
A three-way collaboration between Lalala Lala-chan, Panpaka Pants, and the Aeon Cinema movie theater company.  The first is a short promoting good theater etiquette and was screened at all Aeon Cinemas (the same day as the web release). Collaborative goods were sold at 422 Molly Fantasy stores (also owned by the Aeon conglomerate). Molly Fantasy stores had 3 unique collaboration episodes shown on TVs at the store front promoting good gaming etiquette.
A collaboration between Aware! Meisaku-kun and Otsuka Chemical Holdings' carbonated beverage Oronamin C.
A collaboration between Mameshiba and the Japanese tokusatsu television series Idol × Warrior Miracle Tunes!. The televised commercial starts with Edamame Shiba trying to do his trivia skit when he's interrupted by the shiba-ified cast of Idol × Warrior Miracle Tunes!. They promote their show and ask viewers to watch it every Sunday at 10:30AM. Collaborative goods were also sold for a limited time.
Commercials for the WEGO GRAPHICS brand.
Green Co-Op's commercials created by Yoshiharu Satou.
