The Abyss—a gaping chasm stretching down into the depths of the earth, filled with mysterious creatures and relics from a time long past. How did it come to be? What lies at the bottom? Countless brave individuals, known as Divers, have sought to solve these mysteries of the Abyss, fearlessly descending into its darkest realms. The best and bravest of the Divers, the White Whistles, are hailed as legends by those who remain on the surface. Riko, daughter of the missing White Whistle Lyza the Annihilator, aspires to become like her mother and explore the furthest reaches of the Abyss. However, just a novice Red Whistle herself, she is only permitted to roam its most upper layer. Even so, Riko has a chance encounter with a mysterious robot with the appearance of an ordinary young boy. She comes to name him Reg, and he has no recollection of the events preceding his discovery. Certain that the technology to create Reg must come from deep within the Abyss, the two decide to venture forth into the chasm to recover his memories and see the bottom of the great pit with their own eyes. However, they know not of the harsh reality that is the true existence of the Abyss. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Unlike many schools, attending Hyakkaou Private Academy prepares students for their time in the real world. Since many of the students are the children of the richest people in the world, the academy has its quirks that separate it from all the others. By day, it is a normal school, educating its pupils in history, languages, and the like. But at night, it turns into a gambling den, educating them in the art of dealing with money and manipulating people. Money is power; those who come out on top in the games stand at the top of the school. Yumeko Jabami, a seemingly naive and beautiful transfer student, is ready to try her hand at Hyakkaou's special curriculum. Unlike the rest, she doesn't play to win, but for the thrill of the gamble, and her borderline insane way of gambling might just bring too many new cards to the table. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Young love—it takes many unique and fascinating forms that flourish as children begin to mature into adults. From being unable to confess to not knowing what real love actually feels like, various obstacles can arise when learning about romantic attraction for the first time. But underneath all that, young love is something truly beautiful to behold, leading to brand new experiences for those young and in love. Tsurezure Children depicts various scenarios of young love coming to fruition, along with the struggles and joys that it entails. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
On the surface, Koudo Ikusei Senior High School is a utopia. The students enjoy an unparalleled amount of freedom, and it is ranked highly in Japan. However, the reality is less than ideal. Four classes, A through D, are ranked in order of merit, and only the top classes receive favorable treatment. Kiyotaka Ayanokouji is a student of Class D, where the school dumps its worst. There he meets the unsociable Suzune Horikita, who believes she was placed in Class D by mistake and desires to climb all the way to Class A, and the seemingly amicable class idol Kikyou Kushida, whose aim is to make as many friends as possible. While class membership is permanent, class rankings are not; students in lower ranked classes can rise in rankings if they score better than those in the top ones. Additionally, in Class D, there are no bars on what methods can be used to get ahead. In this cutthroat school, can they prevail against the odds and reach the top? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Keita Amano is a typical high school gamer living out an average student's life. One day, however, he has an unexpected meeting with the cutest girl in school that makes him want to disappear without a trace!  This girl, Karen Tendou, is an exemplary student who is proclaimed to be the school's idol. She discovers that Amano is a gamer, and this newfound knowledge incites a passionate desire within her to recruit him into the game club. Upon visiting the club, Amano is forcefully made aware of a side to gaming wildly different than the one he loves so dearly.  Tendou's interest in Amano begins shaking up what was once an uneventful life, filling it with spontaneity, awkwardness, and a little bit of mayhem. As a result, every day becomes a comical battle for Amano's sanity as he tries to adapt to these wild, unexpected changes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Holy Grail is a powerful, ancient relic capable of granting any wish the beholder desires. In order to obtain this power, various magi known as "masters" summon legendary Heroic Spirits called "servants" to fight for them in a destructive battle royale—the Holy Grail War. Only the last master-servant pair standing may claim the Grail for themselves. Yet, the third war ended inconclusively, as the Grail mysteriously disappeared following the conflict. Many years later, the magi clan Yggdmillennia announces its possession of the Holy Grail, and intends to leave the Mage's Association. In response, the Association sends 50 elite magi to retrieve the Grail; however, all but one are killed by an unknown servant. The lone survivor is used as a messenger to convey Yggdmillennia's declaration of war on the Association. As there are only two parties involved in the conflict, the Holy Grail War takes on an unusual form. Yggdmillennia and the Mage's Association will each deploy seven master-servant pairs, and the side that loses all its combatants first will forfeit the artifact. As the 14 masters summon their servants and assemble on the battlefield, the magical world shivers in anticipation with the rise of the Great Holy Grail War. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yoshiko Hanabatake is an idiot beyond all belief. Somehow managing to consistently score zeroes on all of her tests and consumed by an absurd obsession with bananas, her senseless acts have caused even her own mother to lose all hope. Only one person is up to the task of keeping her insanity in check: childhood friend Akuru "A-kun" Akutsu.  Though he bemoans the ridiculous behavior he has to endure, the studious but terrifying A-kun is always ready to put an end to any stupidity Yoshiko gets up to, with no qualms about using physical force. Unfortunately, no matter how many times he attempts to knock some sense into her, the girl bounces right back to her usual shenanigans, even dragging in some other eccentrics along for the ride. Try as he might to rein in her nonsense, every moment is unpredictable with Yoshiko and her profound idiocy on the loose. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Spring. The "season of love" has arrived and it seems that finding himself a girlfriend was harder than Junichi believed. To break the status quo, Junichi's friends have forced him into confessing to the gal, Yame Yukana. However, things do not go quite as he expected. A series of "firsts" begins! (Source: MU)
In a thoughtless blunder, God accidentally strikes down Touya Mochizuki with a stray bolt of lightning! As an apology, God offers him one wish and the chance to live again in a magical fantasy world. Touya happily accepts the offer and, for his one wish, asks only to keep his smartphone with him as he begins his journey into this mysterious world. Starting over in this new world, Touya finds it is filled with magic—which he has an affinity for—and cute girls vying for his attention. These girls—the twins Linze and Elze Silhoueska, Yumina Urnea Belfast, Leen, and Yae Kokonoe—provide Touya with no end of romantic frustrations, but also companionship as he discovers the secrets of this new world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a futuristic society, Japan has implemented a complex system referred to as "The Red Threads of Science" to encourage successful marriages and combat increasingly low birthrates. Based on a compatibility calculation, young people at the age of 16 are assigned marriage partners by the government, with severe repercussions awaiting those who disobey the arrangement. For Yukari Nejima, a teen that considers himself average in every way, this system might be his best shot at living a fulfilling life. However, spurred by his infatuation for his classmate and long-time crush, Misaki Takasaki, Yukari defies the system and confesses his love. After some initial reluctance, Misaki reciprocates his feelings in a moment of passion. Unfortunately, before the two can further their relationship, Yukari receives his marriage notice. He is then thrown into a confusing web of love and lies when his less-than-thrilled assigned partner, Ririna Sanada, becomes fascinated with his illicit romance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following an encounter with oddity specialist Izuko Gaen, third-year high school student Koyomi Araragi wakes up in a strange, deserted void only to be greeted by a joyfully familiar face in an alarmingly unfamiliar place.  Araragi, with the help of his girlfriend Hitagi Senjougahara, maneuvers through the webs of his past and the perplexities of the present in search of answers. However, fate once again delivers him to the eccentric transfer student Ougi Oshino, who brings forth an unexpected proposal that may unearth the very foundation to which he is anchored. As Araragi peels back the layers of mystery surrounding an apparition, he discovers a truth not meant to be revealed. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tatara Fujita is a shy middle schooler who has no particular plan for the future. He has gotten through life by avoiding any kind of confrontation and blending in with the crowd. But blending in isn't enough to get out of trouble, as some bullies harass him for money. Luckily, he is saved by a man named Kaname Sengoku. Kaname invites Tatara to his dance studio. Although he would normally never set foot in such a place, Tatara is captivated by Sengoku's commanding presence. Granted an opportunity to dance with fellow classmate Shizuku Hanaoka—who often practices at the studio—Tatara realizes there's something about the idea of being put in the limelight and dancing where people will see him that keeps him coming back. With an earnest, passionate drive to improve, Tatara begins his journey into the world of competitive dance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
​It has been a year since Aoba Suzukaze started working at the Eagle Jump game company. In that time, she and her eccentric coworkers in the character design department have worked hard to release the company's newest game: Fairies Story 3. With their latest title now complete, a new project must begin—starting with a contest to decide the character designs for the upcoming game. Through hard work, dedication, and some guidance from the previous character designer, Kou Yagami, Aoba wins the contest and begins her new role as lead character designer. However, her new job is not an easy one. In addition to having extra work and longer hours, Aoba questions whether she is the right fit for the job. New Game!! continues as Aoba overcomes her inexperience with the help of her friends and coworkers, willing to face any challenge to make Eagle Jump's newest creation, a cutesy game called Peco. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A mecha otaku is reincarnated into another world as Ernesti Echevarria, also known as Eru. In this world, huge humanoid weapons known as Silhouette Knights exist. Dreaming of piloting those robots, Eru and his friends, Archid Olter and Adeltrud Olter, aim to become Knight Runners.
In the early 20th century, the discovery of the substance Cavorite allowed the production of advanced military technology and steered the country toward conflict. London is now divided by a wall, and the Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Albion battle a silent war where espionage is the only weapon that can destabilize the enemy. A group of girls from the prestigious Queen's Mayfaire school work as undercover spies for the Commonwealth.  Led by Dorothy, an experienced driver with a striking personality, their group includes the talents of Ange le Carré, a cold-blooded liar and expert sharpshooter; Chise, a proficient samurai; and Beatrice, a voice-mimicking specialist. They use their unique individual skills for the Commonwealth to survive in a dark world filled with conspiracy, mystery, and infiltration. In the shadow of the war, they have only one goal in mind: completing their mission. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Western Restaurant Nekoya is a popular eatery located on a street corner in a Tokyo shopping district. Serving both traditional Japanese fare as well as Western dishes, this eating establishment is popular among Tokyo's residents. But this seemingly ordinary restaurant is also popular with another type of clientele...  While the restaurant is thought to be closed on Saturdays, the truth is that on this special day each week, its doors are instead opened to the inhabitants of other worlds. From dragons and elves to fairies and mages, this restaurant has no shortage of strange customers. Nevertheless, the enigmatic chef known only as "Master" will be waiting to serve up their favorite dishes with a kind smile and keep them coming back for many more Saturdays to come. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuma and Hotaru have been friends since childhood, so it's only natural that when Yuma is nervous about her new boyfriend, she asks Hotaru for advice. But when Hotaru starts coming onto Yuma for what feels like more than just 'practice,' what does it mean...? With boyfriends in the foreground but a secret, passionate tryst in the background, will Yuma and Hotaru try to forget what happened between them or have they fallen into a trap of true love and betrayal? (Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
In 1863, Izuminokami Kanesada and his partner, Horikawa Kunihiro, arrive in the streets of Edo from the future to investigate their master's reports of an upcoming enemy invasion. As humanoid manifestations of the famous Toshizou Hijikata's swords, they have been tasked with protecting history from the Retrograde Army that seeks to alter it. Soon enlisting the help of other sword warriors, they continuously battle the mysterious army throughout the Bakumatsu period. However, their journey will not be an easy one. Fraught with blood and betrayal in the chaotic era closest to their hearts, the duo will be forced to make difficult decisions with everything they care about on the line.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
He is charming, cool, athletic, a good cook, but more importantly, he's a clean freak. Aoyama is idolized and respected by everyone, but they can only admire him from afar due to his mysophobia. Despite that, he plays soccer—a rather dirty sport! As the playmaker for Fujimi High School's soccer club, Aoyama avoids physical contact at all cost and cleanly dribbles toward victory. However, the path to Nationals will not be easy for Fujimi's underdog team. But alongside striker Kaoru Zaizen, Aoyama will show everyone that even as a clean freak, there are things he's willing to get dirty for. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Himeno is a sweet, shy little centaur girl. In her world, everyone seems to be a supernatural creature, and all her classmates have some kind of horns, wings, tails, halos, or other visible supernatural body part. Despite their supernatural elements, Himeno and her best friends, Nozomi and Kyouko, have a fun and mostly normal daily school life! (Source: MangaHelpers)
Masahiro Setagawa is a hopeless teenager who is often used by the neighborhood bullies as an errand boy. Defenseless, Masahiro knows that nobody will ever save him. However, his life drastically changes when he meets Kousuke Ooshiba, a man known as the "Bear Killer," who takes down neighborhood gangs. A year later, Masahiro and his former friend, Kensuke Ooshiba, attend high school, only to find that Kousuke is their math teacher. While the three grow closer, Masahiro starts to view Kousuke as his "hero," and Kousuke develops an urging desire to protect Masahiro. However, their normal lives take a turn when Kensuke's childhood friend, Asaya Hasekura, returns, seeing Kensuke as more than just a friend, much to his surprise. Will the three boys be able to live a regular high school life? Or will forbidden love keep them apart forever? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As soon as he entered high school, the first year student Koshiyama Shiki was invited to the mysterious Quiz Study Group led by his senpai. What will Shiki run into when being dragged along by his class mate Mari into the dazzling world of competitive quizzes?! (Source: Comic Walker)
​Like many in her class, Koyuki Honda looks forward to her graduation ceremony. However, while her peers have family to attend, Koyuki has no one, as her only family—her brother—died years ago. While visiting his grave, she meets two brothers named Kiri and Victor Putin chasing a strange creature. They try to assure her that they are just actors shooting a movie; Victor, however, piques Koyuki's curiosity about the old legend of the clock tower at the cemetery: if you make a wish under the clock tower at midnight during a full moon, time will turn back, allowing someone to reclaim what they have lost. Deciding to make her wish, Koyuki learns the horrifying truth: the legend is a ruse for time demons called "Horologues" to steal humans' time. As they are drawn to regrets, Victor uses Koyuki as bait to lure a demon there. Kiri and Victor explain that they are Chronos Rulers, warriors who fight against the Horologues using the "Oath of Time"—an item allowing them to speed up or slow down time. With the demon destroyed and the crisis averted, Koyuki is able to go on her way free from regrets. However, she is not the only human with sorrows. The two boys must continue to hunt down Horologues in order to keep humanity safe. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tughril Mahmut is a young pasha serving on the Divan of the Türkiye Stratocracy. The clouds of war are gathering over his country due to the threat of an aggressive Empire. With the Divan split between warmongers and the pacifists, Mahmut begins his quest to keep the peace at any cost. As he finds himself deeper and deeper in the politics of the ancient world, new enemies and allies surface. Who will prevail? What will Mahmut do if war proves to be inevitable?
Six high school students' lives around the convenience store on their way from school; they talk about their lives and meet girls they end up falling for. (Source: MAL News) 
Inaba Yuushi's parents died in his first year of middle school, and he moved in with his relatives. Though they did care for him, he could tell he was a burden. After he graduated, he happily prepared to move to a high school with a dormitory. Unfortunately, the dormitory burned to the ground before he could move in! Yuushi doesn't want to live with his grudging relatives, but it's rough finding lodging as an orphaned student with little money. He finally finds a room in a nice old building which seems too good to be true. The catch is that it is a Monster House, a place where humans and supernatural creatures—ghosts, mononoke, etc.—live together. Another high schooler lives there, a cute girl named Akine, and she's completely unfazed by the monsters. In fact, she can even exorcise evil spirits! Yuushi's high school life just got much stranger than he ever bargained for! (Source: MangaHelpers)
Since entering high school, Kyou Nukui has not attended a single class. Instead, he spends his days locked in his bedroom composing music and posting it on the internet accompanied by his only friend's drawings, an artist with the pseudonym "Kiriyume." One day, Kyou hesitantly uploads his newest composition, and first departure from his typical style, TR03. Additionally, he does not upload under his usual handle "HibikiP," but simply under the name "me," and without a drawing from his mysterious friend. Shortly after, Kyou receives a very polite email, not only praising his music but also somehow discerning that he is, in fact, the composer behind TR03. The e-mail also asks for a meetup in a nearby park, to which he cautiously decides to go. To his surprise, however, he finds three elementary school girls at the meeting place! Suddenly, Jun Gotou, Nozomi Momijidani, and Sora Kaneshiro ask for his help to hold a concert in their home, an old church now used as an orphanage. And though Kyou is reluctant at first, after seeing their musical abilities, he eventually decides to accept their proposal. Based on the light novel of the same name by the award-winning Sagu Aoyama, Tenshi no 3P! follows Kyou as these three angels change his life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Waking up in a strange bedroom in a dream world, teenager Haruto Tsukishiro finds a strange app on his phone. When he activates the program, an odd woman appears and tries to drag him to her realm. Luckily, a mysterious, white-haired girl severs their connection and helps him escape, revealing that the woman is a witch; however, their conversation is cut short. As Haruto enters the realm again, he meets an anthropomorphic, talking cat named Katsumi Kanzaki. While the witch's minions pursue them, the white-haired girl opens a door for them to escape. After their ordeal, Haruto describes their savior—which only he can see—and Katsumi, the leading authority on dream world research, realizes that she must be "Lily," a being that resurfaces repeatedly across multiple dreamscapes. Hoping to leave the dream world through a blue door, they enter the witch's realm once again. Finding themselves in peril, Lily reveals the truth to Haruto: witches suffer from "Sleeping Beauty Syndrome," a coma-like sleep state induced by torment in their real world lives. Thus, they cannot wake until they are defeated in the dream world. After finally defeating the witch and locating the blue door, Haruto and Katsumi say their farewells, promising to meet up in the real world. However, when Haruto exits through the door he awakens in the dream world bedroom once more. Seeking answers, Haruto and Katsumi try to uncover the mysteries of the witches, Lily, and Haruto's own inability to leave the dream world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Vatican City—Holy Land of the Catholics. Amidst the land, there is an organization that conducts rigorous investigations on "claims of miracles" from all over the world to ascertain their credibility. The organization is referred to as "Seito no Za" (Assembly of Saints) and the priests that belong there are called miracle investigators. Robert Nicholas, an ancient archive and cryptanalysis expert is partnered and good friends with Hiraga Josef Kou, a genius scientist. Together, the brilliant duo investigates the "miracles" and uncovers the incidents and conspiracies hidden behind them. (Source: MAL News)
If you have a grudge against someone, you can access the Hell Correspondence website at the stroke of midnight, type in your grudge's name, and the Hell Girl, Ai Enma, will appear to grant your wish. However, the price for ridding yourself of such a burden is a steep one: in return for condemning the soul of your tormentor to Hell, your soul will also face eternal damnation. In her long vigil as the Hell Girl, Ai has met many willing to pay such a cost. In Jigoku Shoujo: Yoi no Togi, Ai and her enigmatic companions continue to carry out their work, ferrying soul after suffering soul into the depths of Hell. However, as of late, a mysterious girl has been following them. This strange child, unable to even remember her own identity, questions Ai about her duty as the Hell Girl. Who is this girl, and what connection does she have to Ai? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shizuka Kominami is a shy college student who, despite her bashful demeanor, attends a college mixer. There, she meets Ryou Kirishima, a beautiful, confident woman whom she quickly befriends. After leaving the mixer together, the two spend the night talking and drinking. But when an inebriated Shizuka ends up at Ryou's apartment, one thing leads to another, and she finds herself being seduced by her new friend. And what's more, Ryou is actually a crossdressing man! After a passion-filled night, Shizuka awakens to a note left by Ryou, promising more erotic moments between them later. How will Shizuka's newfound relationship with Ryou unfold? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The series revolves around the Mizuki Diving Club (MDC), which is on the verge of closing down after having financial troubles. The club's new coach persuades the club's parent company to stay open on one condition: that the club sends one of its members to next year's Olympics as part of Japan's Olympic team. (Source: ANN)
Nora Handa is a boy who lives with Shachi Yuuri, who was adopted by his mother. With everyone supporting, the two of them grew up healthily even after their parents passed away. Shachi, who likes Nora the most, wakes him up every morning. Nora spends his happy student life with Michi Kuroki, who is a disciplinary committee, honor student at school and childhood friend of the main character, Yuuki Asuhara, who is a gal but is very bright and can talk his worries to, and more friends at school. One day, Nora meets a girl who calls herself Patricia at the park on the way to the school. Patricia is a queen at hell, and claims to come here to destroy the life on land. However, she is damaged heavily because she touched the life for the first time. The energy was stronger than her, so Nora needed to tend her. Patricia asked him to tell her about the mysteries of life, and he had to even explain the ero book that he found at the park...?! (Source: Amazon Japan)
At last, the Sanzou Party has arrived in India. In this foreign land, where the anomaly's influence runs rampant, their battles only heighten in their violence. And also awaiting them is their tragic fate from 500 years ago— What will they find at the end of their long and treacherous journey?
After the Reflection, some of the people in all parts of the world are discovered with super powers. Some become heroes, and others villains. How did the Reflection happen? What was the cause of it? With many unsolved mysteries, the world is led into turmoil.
The seal that for hundreds of years had confined the demon king Giri has worn off. A young boy named Nike is chosen (against his will) as the hero. Together with Kukuri, a girl who is the lone survivor of the tribe that had used black magic to seal Giri, they set off to save the world, RPG style. (Source: ANN)
Liones Yelistratova, a pure princess from a small country, enters a school in Hokkaido on a spring day. The school is a specialized educational institution operated by ALCA to train Logicalists, who maintain world peace. Liones enters class S, where she meets many classmates with unique personalities, like Nina. A lively and cute everyday life begins now. (Source: MAL News)
Hibiki Tachibana has defeated many powerful enemies, saved countless innocent lives, and escaped from numerous desperate situations, but she is currently finding herself unable to escape from her most desperate situation yet—summer homework! Although her high school life is relatively unremarkable, her career as a member of the military organization S.O.N.G. is anything but. Using powerful, ancient armor known as Symphogear, Hibiki and her teammates work with the United Nations to deal with international disputes and disasters.  During a mission briefing at headquarters, Hibiki is made aware of a mysterious organization known as the Bavarian Illuminati, who has been responsible for several major disasters in the past and currently operate in the war-torn country Val Verde. Together, Hibiki and her team infiltrate one of the Bavarian Illuminati's manufacturing plants and free hundreds of slaves. Exposed, alchemists Saint-Germain, Cagliostro, and Prelati reveal themselves as the organization's top brass, and—using alchemical powers—declare a global revolution while sacrificing thousands of lives. Faced with yet another threat to the world's survival, Hibiki and her allies must confront the Bavarian Illuminati in their most difficult and destructive battle yet. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on COLOPL's school action role-playing game. Set in the year 2045. The world has been contaminated by Irousu (mysterious invaders who suddenly appeared), and humans find themselves restricted and contained. Standing boldly against these invaders are ordinary girls everywhere, without a powerful army or even weapons. The Shinjugamine Girls Academy is a school for these "Hoshimori" (Star Guardians) destined to fight the Irousu. The player is assigned to this academy to train the girls and take back the contaminated Earth. And so, once again, the chimes echo through the sun-strewn schoolyard to mark the beginning of classes today... (Source: ANN, edited)
The mysterious masked Storyteller returns to tell more twisted tales of horror. Continuing his particular style of kamishibai inspired storytelling, he now finds that his audience is an eerie crowd of young girls, who eagerly await his devilish stories. He recounts ghostly legends involving girls of all ages: a housewife who receives a barrage of chilling phone calls; a strange girl whose flower readings are always right; a mother and daughter's ominous meeting with the "crow lady"; and a young girl whose demands from others grow more and more outrageous with each request. Witness once again the Storyteller's haunting and gripping tales, which are sure to leave one with more than just chills... [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story centers around an illness-stricken, constantly bullied orphan girl named Minori. After one rainy day, she doesn't turn up at school, having been admitted into a hospital in a distant town. Two months pass, and the girl's two school friends, Takashi and Kyouko, receive a mysterious email with no sender listed. The email reveals a summer festival taking place at a nearby town... (Source: ANN)
After a "local action heroine" gains popularity in a particular town, elevating her and the region to national fame, small towns all across the country begin cultivating their own local heroines, sparking a boom in staged action heroine shows. Meanwhile, in the city of Hinano, a fruit-producing region, high school teen Misaki Shirogane is encouraged by her aunt and regional governor to produce her own local heroine theatrical troupe so that the town can ride the cultural wave before it's too late. (Source: TBS Global Business)
Ninth season of the Teekyuu anime series.
My name is Sasuke. I was a graduate student, but one day I got time-slipped into a warring period. On top of that, it's a different warring period that I learned about in history textbooks.... (Source: MAL News)
Taking place in a very distant in future, the adventure begins when a boy meets a certain girl. The Pan Galaxy Republic has declined and so have many empires. This resulted to people in the galaxy being scattered. Living in the peaceful side of their world, Banjou, who picks up trashes at the spherical wall met a girl, frozen, in a broken spaceship. There are bad guys who chase her, and thus, the quiet galaxy suddenly became lively. Little did he know that the frozen girl is Goza 168th, the key to decide the destiny of the whole universe. Overcoming hardship, the two embarks on a trip to make the Galaxy Republic alive again. It may be a difficult challenge, but it's alright, let's progress slowly! A comedy of irresponsible galaxy trip begins! (Source: MAL News)
Piko-tarou will improvise the story of each three-minute episode using an illustration by the anime's director Takashi Taniguchi. He will tell each story in the style of a fairy tale and voice every character, including himself.  (Source: ANN)
Second season of Nazotokine.
The anime follows Makoto, a young boy who gains superpowers due to an evil gene manipulation experiment. Makoto and other youths join the Avengers as apprentices named "Future Avengers." The anime will show Makoto and others as they train, fight villains and grow, under Avengers members Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, and Wasp.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
The second season of PJ Berri no Mogumogu Munyamunya. Its broadcast will be in the same timeslot as the re-airing of the original 2001 Parappa the Rapper anime on Fuji TV.
(No synopsis yet.)
Tokiko-san got the job of making quizzes/brain-teasers/riddles for Chuukyou Television Broadcasting (a real TV station that airs the anime the fictional character works for). In particular: matchstick puzzles. The show focuses on her trying to make puzzles as well as her early life, family, personality that lead to her profession—particularly her compulsiveness for organization.
Second season of Yukai na Animal Bus.
Fairies living in a fluffy forest, where both flowers and trees are fluffy. Follow a witch's trouble-maker apprentices Pui Pui and Muu Muu. 
An animated adaptation of the mobile game of the same name. Each episode is composed of two stories. The story is set in the future, after the destruction of machine civilization which leaves humans in a more primitive state. Dinosaurs, woolly mammoths, saber-tooth tigers, etc. roam free, as their species were brought back to life and modified to be friendlier thanks to cloning fossil samples during the machine civilization era. Children can become Stone Leaders by having one of these creatures as a "pet" which they can do friendly battles with against others.
The Soul Tree, the great source of our race. But for its ultimate power and by those whose minds were blinded by it, it also became the catastrophic cause that had brought never-ending wars between the tribes. Tortured by the agonies of the wars, the leaders of the tribes finally came to a peace agreement that they would instead open a competition. Players, equipped with special watches and shields, compete against each other as winner’s tribe would be awarded with Materion, the sacred fruit of the Soul Tree. These brave players, who throw themselves in this fierce fight, we call them the Runningman. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
At UA Academy, not even a violent attack can disrupt their most prestigious event: the school sports festival. Renowned across Japan, this festival is an opportunity for aspiring heroes to showcase their abilities, both to the public and potential recruiters. However, the path to glory is never easy, especially for Izuku Midoriya—whose quirk possesses great raw power but is also cripplingly inefficient. Pitted against his talented classmates, such as the fire and ice wielding Shouto Todoroki, Izuku must utilize his sharp wits and master his surroundings to achieve victory and prove to the world his worth. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja. Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life. New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto: Naruto Next Generations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Humans have designed countless worlds—each one born from the unique imagination of its creator. Souta Mizushino is a high school student who aspires to be such a creator by writing and illustrating his own light novel. One day, while watching anime for inspiration, he is briefly transported into a fierce fight scene. When he returns to the real world, he realizes something is amiss: the anime's headstrong heroine, Selesia Yupitilia, has somehow returned with him. Before long, other fictional characters appear in the world, carrying the hopes and scars of their home. A princely knight, a magical girl, a ruthless brawler, and many others now crowd the streets of Japan. However, the most mysterious one is a woman in full military regalia, dubbed "Gunpuku no Himegimi," who knows far more than she should about the creators' world. Despite this, no one knows her true name or the world she is from. Meanwhile, Souta and Selesia work together with Meteora Österreich, a calm and composed librarian NPC, to uncover the meaning behind these unnatural events. With powerful forces at play, the once clear line between reality and imagination continues to blur, leading to a fateful meeting between creators and those they created. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A decade ago, humans, gods, and demons joined forces to stand against the threat of the colossal dragon, Bahamut. Now, in the present, humans living in the capital city of Anatae have been enjoying lavish and prosperous lives. Their progress is largely due to the administration of the newly appointed king, Charioce XVII, who has stolen a power from the gods and allowed for the abuse and slavery of the demon race in the capital. As humans continue to immorally exploit demons, a sense of hostility against humans begins to build up within demon communities, threatening a revolt. Meanwhile, an atmosphere of uneasiness is spreading among the gods, as they scramble to regain their lost power. Amidst it all, Nina Drango, a cheerful young bounty hunter, has arrived at the Royal Capital with hopes of settling down and earning a living. However, her peaceful life in the capital is quickly thrown into chaos when she crosses paths with the ominous Rag Demon who is determined to seek revenge against humans, and Kaisar Lidfard, a noble knight battling an internal moral conflict. Shingeki no Bahamut: Virgin Soul continues the tale of the social and moral conflict between humans, gods, and demons, and their struggle for survival and dominance. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tired of her rural home, recent college graduate Yoshino Koharu is desperate to lead a more exciting life in Tokyo. After a fruitless job hunt, she finally receives a part-time offer as queen of the bizarre "Kingdom of Chupakabura," a rundown mini-attraction in the small agricultural town of Manoyama. However, Yoshino discovers upon her arrival in Manoyama that she was mistaken for a celebrity and the job offer was a mistake. Left with no other options, Yoshino reluctantly agrees to take on the role and aid the Board of Tourism in their efforts to revitalize Manoyama. Determined to bring excitement to the dying town with the help of local residents, the queen enacts a series of projects to highlight the beauty and charm of Manoyama's culture. Sakura Quest delves into the story of a tight-knit community that is struggling to balance change while also maintaining the rich traditions and bonds which define their identity. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Kei Asai lives in the oceanside city of Sakurada—a town where the inhabitants are born with strange abilities. On the school rooftop one day, he meets Misora Haruki, an apathetic girl with the power to reset anything around her up to three days prior. While no one knows when she has reset, not even Haruki, Kei can retain everything before the reset thanks to his own ability: photographic memory. After they successfully help someone by combining their powers, they join the Service Club to aid others in their town. However, their club becomes involved with and begins completing missions for the mysterious Administration Bureau—an organization that focuses on managing the abilities in Sakurada and manipulating the town's events for their own ends. They may find out that there are more things at work in Sakurada than the machinations of the uncanny organization. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.  One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago. (Source: ASCII.jp)
The third season of Kyoukai no Rinne.
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
This is a world where both men and monsters exist. Those who hunt the monsters are called Hunters. But in a small corner of the Hunter's world, there are those called Riders who bond with and coexist with monsters. With their Kizuna Ishi (Bonding Stones) that allow them to awaken the hidden power inside monsters, Riders live in secrecy together with their Otomon, the monsters they formed a connection with. Ryuto, a young boy living in the Rider village of Hakum, dreams of becoming the world's best Rider. Having just turned 12, he sets out to find his own Otomon for himself before the ceremony where he is given his own Kizuna Ishi. Together with his kind-hearted childhood friend Cheval, his inquisitive childhood friend Lilia, and his partner Naville, he sets out deep into the forest, and has a miraculous encounter with a Rathalos. (Source: ANN, edited)
Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths. At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve. Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Everyone in the world uses smartphone apps. But inside them lurks unknown creatures called "Appli Monsters," or "Appmon." The Appmon are AI lifeforms with the ability to think and act, and exist in the boundary between the human world and digital space. In the vast sea of the internet, the "last boss AI" Leviathan takes control of the Appmon with a virus and begins hacking every system, thus starting to control the human world from the world of the net. Haru Shinkai is led to acquire the Appli Drive, and uses it to materialize Gatchmon, a search app monster. (Source: ANN)
A skilled, deadly ninja on the clock and an adorable, naïve girl off it, Chidori continues to pave the way forward for her master, Nobunaga Oda, in his conquest of the Land of the Rising Sun. Though Nobunaga has made great progress in his quest, uniting a nation has not become any easier. Between vindictive former enemies and powerful new rivals, his stubborn adversaries have taken up arms to stamp out the warlord's ambitions. However, standing beside the ambitious general are his many close friends and supporters, including one loyal, capable shinobi. Ready to serve in whatever way she can, Chidori gathers key allies, infiltrates enemy castles, and duels against skilled warriors in the name of realizing her lord's dream: establishing a unified Japan. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Dorogoza Island is rich in "Drop Energy" that players can use on friendly monsters. Once strong enough, they can face enemies in puzzle wars. Winners reap rewards, but what happens to the losers? Only the brave can take on these monstrous challenges! (Source: FUNimation)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Ichika Usami is a second year high school student who loves sweets and wishes to work in a patisserie, but struggles to make anything good. One day, she encounters a fairy named Pekorin, who is able to detect "kirakiraru", an element residing in sweets that represent the feelings put into them. However, evil fairies start to steal the kirakiraru for themselves, leaving the sweets black and lifeless. Determined to protect the sweets, Ichika gains the power of the Legendary Patisserie and transforms into the Pretty Cure, Cure Whip, to protect the kirakiraru. Joined by five other Pretty Cures, Ichika opens up the mobile sweet shop, Kirakira Patisserie, and spends her days making sweets while fighting against those who seek to steal kirakiraru and bring misfortune to the world. (Source: Wikipedia)
The combined 22nd and 23rd issue of Kodansha's Morning magazine, which will go on sale on April 28, has announced a new 3D CG anime of Kanata Konami's slice-of-life manga Chi's Sweet Home.
Third season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
The story focuses on Yui, a girl who lives in the town of Paparajuku, and who dreams of being an idol, even if she realizes that being an idol is next to impossible for her. Her friends often remark on how much she dreams about it. But then, the PriPara idol theme park opens in her town, and that an idol named Laala is coming to town from Parajuku, which only makes Yui dream even bigger. The new PriPara theme park has been updated with new concepts. However, due to a system error, Laala is no longer able to PriPara Change. (Source: ANN)
The story revolves around a girl named Yuuka, who encounters a being from the depths of the Earth named Chii-chan (a pun of chiteijin, the Japanese word for underground-dweller), and an alien named Ucchan (a pun of uchuujin or alien). The story follows their heartwarming and chaotic everyday lives together. 
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
The story centers around an elementary school teacher who is so stupid that he cannot even write his own name. He does whatever he likes in his classroom. Plus, by all appearances, he is not human. (Source: ANN)
The fourth season of Future Card Buddyfight.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The anime takes place on the screw-shaped island country of Nejigajima and follows the two "Bokyabots" Hebot and the Yurui Prince Nejiru as they collect different "Bokya Neji" screws. When the Bokyabots wear the Bokya Neji screws on their heads, they're able to compete in "Bokya Battles," battles for who can think up and tell the best jokes. (Source: ANN)
In the new series' story, the balance of the Creature World is starting to crumble. A talking deck case named Decky comes to the human world to search for a Duel Master to preserve equilibrium. There he sees Joe's power to create creatures. (Source: ANN)
Second Season of Rilu Rilu Fairilu: Yousei no Door.
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Second season of Shounen Ashibe: Go! Go! Goma-chan.
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Sequel series to Furusato Saisei: Nihon no Mukashibanashi.
A little bit in the future, the government has established a brand new organization with the purpose of rescuing lives to respond to the increasingly complicated and varied types of disasters, accidents and crimes that go beyond human comprehension. It is called the "Mobile Emergency Police DRIVE HEAD" force combining specialized police, firefighting and rescue skills. "DRIVE HEAD" is an advanced mobile device that transforms in form factor from car to humanoid walker vehicle. The drivers are high-aptitude, grade school students such as Go Kurumada who collaborate with mobile emergency police adults and rush to crisis situations to secure public safety and preserve the peace for all! (Source: TBS Global Business)
Based on the characters created by Study.
The series stars a cat with a lack of energy who speaks while lying down, yet has a thorough personality. He thinks various things and has fun watching humans.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The series centers around two cats: a younger sister named Neko, and an older brother named Mata. Neko is a nekomata (a mythical two-tailed cat), innocently selfish, and spoiled by her brother. Mata is a neighborhood cat with an eartipped mark as a sign of being neutered. They meet under a streetlight in the city at night to talk. (Source: ANN)
In "a certain era" on "a certain continent," banal things are happening. The construction of "Large-Scale Leisure Facilities" has demanded that all the villages are to be evicted. When these demands are denied, the village and its residents are obliterated. A boy named Chap once lived in tranquility, but that happiness soon came crumbling down. He decides to embark on a journey of revenge, but soon falls madly in love with the king's daughter, Princess Melora. In order to fulfill her selfish wishes, he gathers his friends in order to overcome the impossible.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
The second season of Flowering Heart.
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
Second season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
Deeky is a wolf whose wild appearance belies his pure-hearted and slightly gossipy moe nature. Carina is a squirrel whose soft and cuddly appearance hides the black and beating heart of a hard rock monster. Together they form a band to compete in a rock music competition. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A cutesy horror anime. Everyone in town is monster but they're living their lives like normal while attending high school.
The story will focus on a cat who begins living with 10 dogs, and the animals' busy everyday life. The story draws inspiration from real-life singer Noriyuki Makihara and his pets.  (Source: ANN)
A tourism promotional anime for the Akita prefecture. Highlighting Akita cuisine, actors, landmarks, etc. through the banter of two high school friends who are a red oni and an akita (dog breed). 
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
On a distant southern island, a fish (sakana) opened its mouth for a cat (neko), thus "nekozakana" (cat-fish) is born. (Source: ANN)
Sequel to Panpaka Pants W-O-New!. 
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
(No synopsis yet.)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Fifth season of the Washimo series.
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The series follows a young girl named Shina who hopes to become the world's best DJ, and is interested in new sounds. Shina explores a mysterious world filled with Otoppe, strange creatures capable of unique sounds.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
Unicorn no Kyupi is a helpful sprite that lives in the kitchen and polishes dirty pots and pans clean with its fluffy white body. Harigorou, a rival sprite shaped like a hedgehog, tries to interfere.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
Attempting to make GG Bond the partner for Iron Fist, Mr. Mihoo disguised himself as a school teacher, showing GG Bond the charm of interstellar shuttling. GG Bond took his invitation and became an agent. As GG Bond’s pet and mission partner, Iron Fist had the power to absorb everything. His biggest secret was that his stomach linked to the infinite fifth dimension. One day Iron Fist ate the stone of eternal energy. The universe would lose balance without the stone. GG Bond had to enter into Iron Fist’s fifth dimension searching for it. After all adventures and difficulties, he finally brought it out and saved the world. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
The second season of Chuldong! Super Wings. One major change in the story is that uncle Jimbo has retired to travel the world and his niece, Sky, takes over being the main traffic controller for the airport.
(No synopsis yet.)
Second season of Quanzhi Fashi.
In 2022, an EMP detonation causes a global blackout that has massive, destructive implications all over the world. Directed by Cowboy Bebop and Samurai Champloo's Shinichiro Watanabe, Blade Runner: Black Out 2022 is an animated short which serves as a prologue for the feature film Blade Runner 2049. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited)
In the modern cultivation world, everywhere is law of the jungle, everyone feels insecure. After saving a cultivatior girl, the security guard Ma Yingxiong accidentally starts the journey of practicing cultivation. (Source: Guodong Subs)
A special animated commercial to celebrate the release of the manga's fifth volume. The full length version of the commercial was released on Kodansha's official YouTube channel the day after the short version was released on TV. It features the anthropomorphized cells of a human body, with the protagonist being a red blood cell named AE-3803. 
It has been three years since the end of the Gundam Build Fighters TV series. Now a totally new story starring Iori Sei and friends is set to begin. (Source: gundam.info)
Chronological summary of episode 1 to 8 of Princess Principal.
Yoji and Kei, a boy and girl, live in a town in the not-so-distant future with their foster parent, Anna. But these seemingly ordinary children have a secret hidden even from their unsuspecting mother. Yoji and Kei are superhero defenders of their town! With a flap of their capes, the two of them and their robot bear sidekick, Oscar, protect the citizens in their town with their handmade high-tech machinery. But from what menace? And will our little heroes be able to overcome the crisis about to threaten the town's peaceful everyday serenity? Check out this utterly electrifying near-future animation to find out! (Source: Official website)
This is a dynamic dream battle featuring many types of Gunpla skirmishing in all sorts of situations. (Source: gundam.info)
(No synopsis yet.)
A collaboration between Gintama and Cup Noodles.
"Hey, Asuka... search for my body."  At school in the middle of the night, Asuka and her friends search for the scattered body-parts. If they don't find the entire body, the 9th of November is repeated and the red person will continue to kill them. Who is the red person? (Source: MU)
One night, university student Souta meets a girl he has never met before. Yuki, who claims to have been saved by Souta in the past, seems to know nothing about outside world, from shopping to holding a fork. There is also something curious about her. She is extremely afraid of getting her skin touched. The curious life of the strange girl changes little by little. There are men who seek to capture Yuki. It is said that Yuki has a power which holds the fate of the world, and they want her to sacrifice herself for the world. What is the power within Yuki? Why does she refuse to be touched? At last, Yuki reveals to Souta her hidden truth.
An anime collaboration between Kemono Friends and the Japan Racing Association. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Kirara Fantasia is a mobile fantasy RPG using characters from the manga magazines under the Manga Time Kirara brand. Animated advertisements and promotions were made for the game and streamed on Aniplex's official YouTube channel.
CG anime adaptation of The King of Fighters fighting game franchise.
Gluttonous and tomboyish, Lan Mo is hardly anyone's ideal girl, but with a magical hair clip from a mysterious trinket shop that disappears the next day, she may be able to become just that. With its power, she can transform into a beautiful and feminine young lady, someone who may finally be able to catch the eye of her childhood friend and crush, Liu Yifeng. However, keeping the clip's secret proves difficult for Lan Mo when faced with Liu Yifeng's admirers and the mysterious stranger Xia An. And to further complicate matters, Lan Mo's possession of the hair clip may turn out to be more than just mere coincidence. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A collaboration between Kemono Friends and Nissin. They promote the latter's Donbei Kitsune Udon product with the Silver Fox and the Ezo Red Fox. In the first episode the duo are trying to figure out how to eat it as well as finding an old pay-per-view TV, putting money in it, and watching an "old" live-action Nissin Donbei Kitsune Udon commercial (said commercial is real and was created this year).
A collaboration between My Tear CL an eyedrops company for their new product "Ice Crash", and Uchiage Hanabi, Shita kara Miru ka? Yoko kara Miru ka?. The campaign produced 1 TV commercial and 2 web-exclusive commercials as well as various tie-in goods. But the new footage created for the campaign was identical between all three releases, with the rest of the footage being from the feature film besides the difference in narration. As such, MAL will reflect this campaign as a single episode entry as there was no change new anime content among the three releases.
The official YouTube channel of the Animelo Summer Live concerts began streaming a Kemono Friends anime short video on Wednesday. The video features Northern White-faced Owl and Eurasian Eagle-Owl gathering a team of friends together to clean up the dilapidated Saitama Super Arena, the real-life venue of the Animelo Summer Live event. While there, the friends find cards that teach proper behavior while enjoying the concert, such as not using electronic devices. ("What's a 'mobile'?" "Doesn't look very tasty.") Later, the friends see how many people are entering the venue (far above their estimate of 100), and beat a hasty retreat.  (Source: ANN)
When D'Artagnan went to Tokyo for a little fun, she spotted an unforgettable sight: Lucifer singing while basking in moonlight in a park. From that moment, no matter if she was asleep or awake, D'Artagnan's heart would not stop throbbing for some reason. One day, D'Artagnan sees a concert by the popular idol act Angely Diva at her friend Izumo's invitation. There, she resolved to follow her idol dreams, and the story of song and miracles begins. (Source: ANN)
Li Mingyang was originally an ordinary office worker. Because of a strange QR code, he was trapped in a killing city. Here everyone is forced to participate in a survival game that is going to kill or be killed. In the process of finding a way out of the city, the mastermind behind the whole incident surfaced step by step.
Pikotaro breaks new ground. Drawing inspiration from illustrations by director Taniguchi, he does the unthinkable: three-minute, scriptless fairy tale anime. Pikotaro is presented with classics loved around the world, including The Little Match Girl, Cinderella, and The Ugly Duckling. The mad genius who took the world by storm returns to bring you unique bedtime stories certain to rock you into absurd sleep. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The anime centers around Kurumi Azuchimomoyama, a normal 14-year-old girl who attends Egaogaoka Middle School. One day, an angel named "Devilun" that looks like a Tasmanian devil appears before her, and grants her the power to be the beautiful magical girl dinosaur angel warrior "Prima Angel," and tells her to fight the evil "Darkness Whales" organization. She proceeds to indiscriminately take out Darkness Whales members with weapons that stink of blood. The protagonists are three boy classmates of Kurumi who watch the entire thing while not really doing anything. (Source: ANN)
In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong make the rules and weak have to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty, yet also filled with unforeseen danger. Three years ago, Xiao Yan, who had shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly lost everything. His powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up? (Source: wuxiaworld.com)
The opposite bank of Lethe River is Boundary Realm with all night along, keeping the balance of the world’s deaths by ghost messengers. Black and White Warriors are ghost messengers collecting spirits from the Human Realm. Xiaohei and Xiaobai, a pair of Black and White Warriors at the bottom, whose relationship became delicate after experiencing the incident happened inside One Hundred Ghost Great Seal. At the same time, Xiaobai’s true identity began to surface…
The third season of Ze Tian Ji.
Animated commercials for Square Enix's 4th installment of the arcade-based fantasy collectible card game. The commercials feature various characters talking to the viewer giving backstory to the game (Tokyo 2030 post-apocalypse world due to bio-terrorism), their particular character cards, and demanding the viewer use their powers to their full ability to take back the world.
(No synopsis yet.)
A Japanese tourism promotion anime inviting Japanese people to visit Canada. The anime is sponsored by the Canada Tourism Bureau (Canada Kankou Kyoku) which celebrates its 150th anniversary.
A stop-motion short of Dungeon Meshi commissioned by Kadokawa in honor of the 5th tankoubon going on sale. It features Senshi's hands trying to prepare a walking mushroom. It is the same walking mushroom as shown in the manga's 1st volume in the "Monster Tidbits" bonus chapter.
(No synopsis yet.)
Female humanoid cockroaches do calisthenics (though resembling normal dancing more).
Pig lives at the top of a hill in a town surrounded by a destructive, dark cloud. Before Pig's father leaves to find a solution to the cloud, he builds Pig a small wooden dam to protect him and the town. The dam's windmill keeps the cloud at bay, and Pig now has the responsibility to care for the dam. Young and alone, Pig finds love and family through his friendship with Fox, and continues to care for the townsfolk in a variety of ways. However, Pig struggles with the absence of his father, and his desire to search for his father competes with his need to keep the town safe. (Source: ANN)
Nian Yangxiao, came from a parallel world to save his true love who was killed in another dimension. He must find the killer who has a mark on her thigh before it was too late. If his love is killed in this world she will truly be gone forever. He has to deal with the various gangs with the help of a newly acquired power which can stop time. (Source: CrimsonSubs)
Anime director Tensho announced on Saturday that he has founded a new animation studio named Bibury Animation Studio. The studio is named after the town of Bibury in England. The studio opened a website, which is streaming an original promotional video for the studio. (Source: ANN)
The web anime of Dia Horizon; characters are featured as chibis as they break the 4th wall to talk about their own real-life mobile game (which is being released this month). As well as promoting the full length TV anime coming out in a October 2017 as well as the 4-koma manga available now.
Megu promotes not only Shima, but also the greater Ise-Shima region consisting of Ise, Toba, Shima, and parts of Minami-Ise. The aspiring pearl diver struggles to hold onto an Ise-ebi (Japanese spiny lobster), one of Mie Prefecture's specialties. Megu then visits Ise Grand Shrine, which is the one of the most important shrines in Japan's Shinto religion. She then heads to the nearby Okage-yokochou area of shops and historical buildings and to the Meoto Iwa (Married Couple Rocks) that are sacred in Shinto. The ninja character Mai Igarashi makes an appearance at the end of the video. Mai is the mascot for Iga, Mie, a city known as a birthplace of ninja culture.  (Source: ANN)
Created In celebration of the 40th anniversary of the founding of Coro Coro Comics. The anime brings together many famous Coro Coro Comics characters. It takes place in an elementary school the characters attend.
A 1/100 scale of a train station done with paper stop-motion.
Short ghost stories by Inagawa Junji, an entertainer who is famous for his horror stories broadcasted on late night radio. He has gone on to write horror novels and directing live-action horror dramas and films. The anime is a spin-off of his Inagawa Junji no Chou: Kowai Hanashi (Inagawa Junji's Super Scary Stories) live-action direct-to-DVD series.
Nanocore is a science fiction Chinese cartoon in 3D. The stage of the story is established on a fictional planet Birthigin. In this young planet, humanity will never stop longing for a bright future despite reason and fear. In revolutions and evolutions, humanity keeps challenging the Creator, and which eventually induces contractions intensified. People choose to wake up and struggle for their own ideals. They end the peace and angers sweep the whole planet, resulting in outbreak of the crisis known as Purple Fog. In time of humans facing their odds of survival, the plan N.S.P led by the elite keeps frustrating until NanoCore's involving. It brings the plan his birth. As the existence, that the elite thinks should lead the development of human weapons, however, he breaks shackles of fate, and arrives at a land where faith no longer exists. He learns to make choices and grows up with them, and the dim future of Birthigin thus begins to change. (Source: Nanocore Tumblr)
(No synopsis yet.)
An introductory anime of Littleforestfellow, who is a rabbit boy and the second cousin of My Melody. He is nicknamed "Mello" (めろぉ). He really likes My Melody and likes to collect buttons with her. His birthday is on January 18th, just like My Melody.  (Source: Wikia)
The second season of Xing You Ji.
The anime celebrates the Dragon Quest X online game's fifth anniversary by animating player-submitted "miraculous stories" related to the game.  (Source: ANN)
A collaboration with Felix, a Nestlé Purina brand cat food treat and the Kamiusagi Rope anime.
The second season of The Young Imperial Guards.
A webisode where the Eagle Talon cast breaks the 4th wall to say that they are the official appointed cheer squad of the 2017 Tokyo Comic Con. They go on to explain what the Comic Con is about and plug their newest film DC Super Heroes vs. Taka no Tsume-dan. 
"Your intuition will be tickled" Will the two be able to become idols!? Anime's first documentary variety show challenging how far two virtual idols are able to grow!!! It's a live broadcast, so what will happen is unknown! It's a live broadcast, so your voice will reach the two! Furthermore, simulaneous delivery in both Japan and China! Your participation in the program will bring up the two idols! (Source: Official Website)
Qiang Niang mainly tells of the protagonist Carrie, who has lost her combat memories, searching for herself and the story of her final "Awakening". In the years between 2025 to 2030, a world war involving the entire world has resulted in the demise of half the world's population, and humanity has already lost control of the direction the war shall go in. In order to seize ultimate victory, war has gradually been turned into a battle without people, similar to a game. War has already become about Satellite lasers, Bomb drones, Intelligent AI, a battlefield between unmanned gun turrets and tanks... Then, there are also a group of young maidens who uses outdated firearms to engage in battle —— the Gun Girls.
A promotional short for DJ Nobunaga's YYY event held on August 25th. The music event will feature 4 DJs (Nakata Yasutaka, Kz (livetune +), Tofubeats, and Banvox) and starts at 11pm. The anime short has the four DJs rap about Oda Nobunaga, the historical character, as a tongue-in-cheek nod to DJ Nobunaga presenting this event.
A bejeweled spider weaves a bejeweled web.
The main character is a little sheep-looking mascot from Hokkaido. It is gluttonous, yet calm.
The anime promotes the new Enoshima Aquarium, and is set in Enoshima in the Shonan region. The anime centers on three jellyfish named Mizukurage (moon jellyfish), Akakurage (northern sea nettle), and Pacific sea nettle. All three are frequent visitors of the Enoshima Aquarium to the point of all three having annual passes.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
A Domino's Japan commercial promoting their new summer pizzas which have four meat styles on a single pizza. The commercial itself is a battle of the bands style competition ballad between the chicken pizza and pork pizza.
Based on the figure skater Mao Asada. On July 10th, Tekken posted the full version of the video on his official YouTube channel. The story took 2,890 hand drawn sheets. Tekken originally made a short version back in 2015 but when Mao Asada announced her retirement on April 10, 2017--he decided to expand upon it by creating 5 minutes worth of additional content.
Bandai's new toy line for boys: Mushinin. It combines bugs (mushi) and ninja (nin). The anime follows the various characters as they train in their ninja arts at a local playground.
Based on Seino Tooru's nonfiction gourmet essay manga.
For Cybozu Inc.'s (a Tokyo-based software company that provides web-based groupware services) 20th anniversary they commissioned AriKiri a modern take on "The Ant and the Grasshopper." The anime's title is a portmanteau of Ari (ant) and Kirigirisu (grasshopper).
The series centers on the flour dough spirit Cogimyun, who actually really wants to be an onigiri. She takes care of her grandfather's apartment complex due to her grandfather being away. The denizens of the apartment are all "Kogimuko," which are all food that center on flour dough.  (Source: ANN)
The 4-koma manga Gori Papa Ikka serialized in Nihon Nougyou Shinbun (The Japan Agricultural News) reached its 10,000th serialization on May 1, 2017. A short web animation was made in honor of it as well as in honor of the magazine's 90th anniversary. 
3rd season of Ori Princess.
(No synopsis yet.)
A collaborative web commercial between the Japanese sports drink brand Pocari Sweat and the 2017 Fuji Rock Festival. It was posted to their official Facebook page May of 2017.
After many hardships in her life, Chise Hatori ended up at an auction, where she was purchased and then freed by the renowned Thorn Sorcerer, Elias Ainsworth, only to stay and become his apprentice. Though her life is wonderful now, the arrival of a picture book, "The Lonely Little Star," brings back memories of those trying times and the loneliness she endured. As a child, Chise experienced a great tragedy: her mother's death. Shunned and unwanted by peers and relatives alike, she has lived a detached and pitiful life. However, the unexpected discovery of a mysterious library in the forest provides her with a temporary place of solace. Through reading countless books and spending time with the kindhearted librarian, Chise slowly begins to feel less alone in the world. But could this peculiar library have a darker side? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
(No synopsis yet.)
Due to a mysterious disease, the genius Iria Akagami has been forced by her family to stay in a mansion on the isolated Wet Crow's Feather Island with only a handful of maids. To keep herself entertained, Iria invites a variety of fellow geniuses to stay as guests in her home, including computer savant Tomo Kunagisa and her unnamed assistant, skilled fortune-teller Maki Himena, famous artist Kanami Ibuki, academic scholar Akane Sonoyama, and renowned cook Yayoi Sashirono. These visits progress as normal until one of the guests is found gruesomely murdered in the night without a single clue as to the identity of the killer or a possible motive. Tensions rise between those on the island as the killer remains at large, and Tomo's assistant takes it upon himself to uncover the culprit's identity before the murderous events progress any further. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Bundled with the 13th volume of the Bungou Stray Dogs manga.
After the conclusion of the Sakura Card Arc, life is going back to normal. There are no more mysteries, no more disturbances of evil, no more tests of strength. Everyone is moving on with their lives and Sakura feels a sadness in her heart. Even through the goodbyes, Sakura perseveres to keep everyone and a special someone, dear to her heart.
Rohan Kishibe accompanies Kyouka Izumi, a manga magazine editor, to a buy house at a village far off from civilization. They soon discover the village is home to a group of millionaires who had all mysteriously become rich at the age of 25. Rohan and Izumi enter one of the houses, only to realize they they are trapped by a mysterious power that won't let them progress unless they follow specific rules lest they suffer the consequences. (Source: JoJo Wiki)
"Please. I hope Kase-san likes me..." Yamada is a shy second-year high school girl who is a member of the greenery committee. Kase from the class next to hers is a beautiful girl who is the ace of the school's track team. As a result of the morning glories planted by Yamada, the distance between the two people who have never exchanged words shrinks little by little. (Source: Pony Canyon)
The OVA episode revisits the primary matches from the spring tournament and features interviews with players. (Source: MAL News)
Bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the UQ Holder! manga. 
Half a year after Naoto Takahashi's father got remarried, he hasn't gotten used to the new family members: his stepmother, Sachiko, and his new little sister, Yui. One night as he tries to figure out how to smooth things over with his sister, he gets an app to allows him to take over someone else's body.
Come to the greatest sexual theme park in the world, Mizuryu Land!
The story follows the two titular girls Escha and Chron, whose contrasting personalities are like the sun and moon. The two girls are from Terminal, a future post-apocalyptic world that's empty and monochrome. The two girls cross worlds and arrive in the present day, which they call Transit. As Escha and Chron experience the light (scenery) and sound (music) of the real world, the future world of Terminal gradually changes into a more vivid world. (Source: ANN)
The older boys are graduating school and recount their memories together. The next day everyone defends the graduation ceremony against Zundar and Dadacha's Second Button Monster but Yumoto struggles using his love power.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
The series takes place at a special mansion that transforms all who enter into beautiful women. After hearing rumors of a treasure within its walls, a man enters...
Based on the game by Guilty. 
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
In the future, where sex is no longer age-restricted, a young married couple lose their wedding ring - which gets picked up by a teen prostitute and her boyfriend in the slums. She wants to sell it and use that money to start fresh but, as it turns out, that won't be as straightforward.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
In ancient Disboard, Riku is an angry, young warrior intent on saving humanity from the warring Exceed, the sixteen sentient species, fighting to establish the "One True God" amongst the Old Deus. In a lawless land, humanity's lack of magic and weak bodies have made them easy targets for the other Exceed, leaving the humans on the brink of extinction. One day, however, hope returns to humanity when Riku finds a powerful female Ex-machina, whom he names Schwi, in an abandoned elf city. Exiled from her Cluster because of her research into human emotions, Schwi is convinced that humanity has only survived due to the power of these feelings and is determined to understand the human heart. Forming an unlikely partnership in the midst of the overwhelming chaos, Riku and Schwi must now find the answers to their individual shortcomings in each other, and discover for themselves what it truly means to be human as they fight for their lives together against all odds. Each with a powerful new ally in tow, it is now up to them to prevent the extinction of the human race and establish peace throughout Disboard! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It's summer, and Norimichi Shimada and his friends want to know if fireworks look round or flat from the side. They forge a plan to find the answer at Moshimo Festival's fireworks display. However, Norimichi finds himself conflicted when his classmate, Nazuna Oikawa, plans to run away from home and wants Norimichi to join her. When things go awry in their attempt to escape, a strange orb in Nazuna's possession gives them another chance at staying together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An adaptation of the flashback arc from the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma☆Illya 3rei!! manga. The events, chronologically, occur entirely before the first Fate/kaleid liner Prisma☆Illya TV series. While the film bears Illya's name, she is not the focus of the film with only a few seconds of screen-time allotted.
Mary Smith is a clumsy girl with wild red hair who can't seem to do anything right. After moving in with her Great Aunt Charlotte, Mary finds herself lonely and bored, until one day she spies a cat which seems to keep changing color every time she sees it. Curiosity gets the better of her and she follows it into nearby woods. Deep in the forest, the cat takes her to a clearing with dead trees and brown grass, where the only sign of life is a cluster of mysterious blue flowers that Mary has never seen before. The gardener of the estate later tells her that the rare species is called "Fly-by-Night," and is said to be sought by witches for its incredible magical power. When the strange cat returns to her one night, Mary is led once again into the woods, but this time to an old broomstick hidden by a gnarled tree. After she clumsily squashes some Fly-by-Night against the broomstick, it begins to glow, whisking her off into the sky. Her wayward journey ends at the Endor College for Witches, where she is mistaken for a new student. And so, Mary must learn to look after herself in this marvelous new world of magic, where things are not always as they seem. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Fifth Digimon Adventure tri film. 
Ousai Academy was originally an all-girls high school. Due to the declining birth rates in recent years, it was converted into a co-ed school. The first year male students would find themselves surrounded by girls and unfortunately, Tsuda Takatoshi is one of them. What's worse, he gets scolded on his first day by the student council president Shino Amakusa, which did not give a good first impression of him. Tsuda also meets the other student council members while getting scolded, and in the end, he gets late for class. As an apology for ruining his morning, Shino lets him join the student council for various of "reasons" and he accepts it, or rather, he's forced to accept. Thus begins his days as Tsuda soon realizes that he's the only normal student in Ousai Academy...
The film's plot tells the story of how Satoshi and Pikachu came to know each other. Pikachu was not cooperative toward Satoshi, but Satoshi only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Masara Town, both of them saw a Ho-Oh flying and made a vow to someday go and meet it. (Source: ANN, edited)
The story focuses on high school girl Nagisa Yukiai who lives in a seaside town. She has believed her grandmother's story that spirits dwell in words and they are called "kotodama" (word spirit). One day, she strays into a mini FM station that has not been used for years. As an impulse of the moment, she tries to talk like a DJ using the facility. But her voice accidentally broadcasted reaches someone she has never expected. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Recap film that will cover the match against Aobajosai High School that took place in the second season. (Source: MAL News)
Second part of Free!: Timeless Medley
Recap film that will cover the match against Shiratorizawa Academy that took place in the third season. (Source: MAL News)
Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians. Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It all begins with the story that was left untold—the earth-shattering incident where Renton's father disappeared. With the mysterious pilot Eureka by his side, only Adroc Thurston could undo his own mistake, sparking the event that changed everything and earned him the title of a hero. Now, ten years later, Eureka lies in critical condition as Renton leaves the crew of the Gekko. But when he finds himself in the care of his father's old friends, he has a choice to make. Either stay with the loving family he's always wanted, or earn the love he seeks. (Source: Funimation Films)
Short theater manners animation shown before main movie.
A pair of researchers stays behind on their dying planet of Eltria with their two daughters, Amitie and Kirie, in hopes of finding a way to revive the planet. But when the husband Granz falls ill it seems their dream of reviving the planet will die. Against her older sister's wishes, Kirie sets off with her childhood friend Iris to seek help from a distant alternate world. They arrive in Japan on Earth to search for the key to their planet's regeneration. There, they meet Nanoha, Fate, and Hayate. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Character Stage Greeting Manner Special's shown before main movie. Later included on the movie Blu-ray and DVD release.
The story takes place in the era of the gods, year 300. Yuuna Yuuki lives an ordinary life as a second year middle school student, but she's also a member of the "Hero Club," where club activities involve dealing with a mysterious being called "Vertex." (Source: ANN) Aired along side Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru: Washio Sumi no Shou Movie 3 - Yakusoku. 
Short theater manners animations shown before Hibike! Euphonium Movie: Todoketai Melody.
(No synopsis yet.)
Abstract stop-motion short film using "lightning doodles" by Tochka.
A warrior named Da Hufa goes to save his prince from a dystopian village. He finds the dystopian village ruled by a fake God and his guards. In order to save the prince, Da hufa has to defeat the God and his men and discloses the whole conspiracy. (Source: IMBD)
(No synopsis yet.)
The film centers on Buruburu, a cowardly lion who is a member of a clan of treasure hunters. He is given a treasure map by his father. With the help of Anpanman, he sets out on an adventure to prove himself to the other clan members. Baikinman, however, appears and schemes to take the treasure for himself. (Source: ANN)
A group of tea pets-cute clay figurines that are good-luck charms for tea drinkers-embark on a magical animated adventure to find a fabled mystic. (Source: IMDB)
 
Follows a dog and his friends who wear balloons and explore a kingdom in the clouds.
(No synopsis yet.)
High & Low: G-Sword manner movies that aired in theaters before main features in part promote the live-action "HiGH&LOW The Movie 2: End of Sky" film that opened August 19, 2017. Each episode stars a different G-Sword gang member. In the shorts, the characters are at a theater in the Sword district and they interact with one another and the camera-headed man known as Movie Thief (Eiga Dorobou), a stand-in character used to represent piracy. The commercials will rotate out at the end of each week. (Source: ANN)
Unaired episode included with the 7th volume of the BD/DVD release of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon.
This episode contains three stories.  The first story, "Toki no Asase" (Shoals of Time), will center on Nero and Vanno persuading Frate to skip mass with them and see the circus. The second story, "Subete no Kinou" (Yesterday Before Everything), will focus on Ganzo, as he meets a young man named Vincente at a bar, and asks Ganzo to do something for him. The third story, "Ashita, Mata Ashita" (Tomorrow, and then Tomorrow), is set after Nero and Avilio defeat Mad Mack and are on the way back to Lawless. Nero suffers from fever dreams, and Avilio nurses him back to health. (Source: ANN)
New unaired episodes included in 4th and 5th DVD volumes of Natsume Yuujinchou Roku.
A series of unaired comedic shorts released with Blu-ray and DVD boxes of Tsuki ga Kirei.
The words that Gold Roger, the King of the Pirates, uttered just before his death excited the masses and the world has entered a Great Pirate Era! There is a group of young pirates who are about to set sail on the Grand Line. Monkey D. Luffy, a rubber man. Roronoa Zoro aka “Pirate Hunter.” Usopp, a sniper. Sanji, a seafaring cook. And “Cat Burglar” Nami. They, the Straw Hats, all place a foot upon a barrel and make their vows before their next journey across the great ocean. Luffy shouts “In order to be the King of the Pirates!” A decade ago in the Windmill Village... A little boy Luffy was enthralled with a pirate boss Red-Haired Shanks. But a group of mountain bandits shows up and makes fun of the pirates. “Why didn't you fight them?!” Luffy yells out angrily but Shanks says that it's nothing worth getting mad over. At that time, Luffy snatches the Gum-Gum Fruit from a treasure box and eats it and as a result, his entire body becomes rubber and he loses the ability to swim for the rest of his life! A few days later, Luffy is surrounded by the mountain bandits again and Shanks comes to help. “No matter what the reason, anyone who hurts my friends has to pay!!” Shanks and his pirate crew are incredibly strong and they beat down the mountain bandits. Higuma, the head of the mountain bandits, runs away kidnapping Luffy and heads for the sea. However, they encounter a local Sea Monster there and are attacked. Luffy is in a desperate situation... But again, Shanks saves the day. He outstares the Sea Monster and chases it away but in exchange, he loses his left arm... When Shanks leaves the village, he leaves his straw hat with Luffy. “Come bring it back to me someday! Once you've become a great pirate!” 10 years later, Luffy has grown up strong and he sets out for an adventure on a small boat. He again encounters the local Sea Monster for that fateful day. However, Luffy takes it down with a single blow of Gum-Gum Pistol. Luffy’s journey to become the King of the Pirates now begins! (Source: Crunchyroll)
Recap episodes of first 12 and 19 episodes of Fate/Apocrypha with narration by Astolfo and Shakespeare. Episode 12.5: Fate/Apocrypha: Seihai Taisen Douran-hen Episode 19.5: Fate/Apocrypha: Seihai Taisen Kaimaku-hen
A theater manners short bundled with the recap movie's BD/DVD releases. Each film had its own short with slight differences (eg. Fushisha no Ou had a smiling Shalltear but the Shikoku no Eiyuu one showed her sneering). Due to the minimal changes between the two, resulting in only a few seconds of alternative footage, MAL will reflect it as a single episode as the blunt majority was identical.
(No synopsis yet.)
Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga, included with the BD/DVD release of Kuroko no Basket: Last Game.
Specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Overlord Movies 1 and 2 featuring simplified character animations.
Two recaps aired before the first episode of the day at the time Owarimonogatari 2nd Season was airing. Episode 0.5 (aired before Mayoi Hell) - Owari ni Mukau Monogatari (Heading Towards the End of the Story): Araragi's voice actor Hiroshi Kamiya retells events from Koyomi Vamp, Mayoi Maimai, Shinobu Time, Yotsugi Doll, Koyomi Nothing and Koyomi Dead. Episode 4.5 (aired before Ougi Dark) - Araragi Koyomi no Monogatari (Araragi Koyomi's Story): Hanekawa's voice actor Yui Horie looks back at Araragi's past year and what happened to him throughout the series. 
Eila Ilmatar Juutilainen and Sanya V. Litvyak of the 501st Joint Fighter Wing visit the members of the 502nd Joint Fighter Wing squadron on the day after the Saturn Festival (December 26) to deliver supplies. Eila and Sanya decide to celebrate the coming of the new year in Petersburg, but a raid by the Neuroi forces the Strike Witches and the Brave Witches to gear up for battle. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A new episode included with the complete Blu-ray box collection of A-Channel.
Picture dramas bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
Unaired 13th Episode of Hand Shakers.
Narrated recap of the first season of Love Live! Sunshine!!. Aired a week prior to the start of the second season.
A collaboration between the Lotte brand ice-cream Sou and the film Uchiage Hanabi, Shita kara Miru ka? Yoko kara Miru ka?.
A special episode bundled with the BD release of the television series.
Benghuai 3: Reburn is an animated promotional video created for the first anniversary of the Chinese smartphone game Benghuai 3, also known internationally as Honkai Impact 3. 
Animated manner movie for "Serendipity Parade!!!" live tour.
Based on the true story of the Onagawa Hunior High girl's basketball team. The team's numbers and staff are depleted after the Touhoku earthquake, leaving only five regulars.
NHK undertakes a project to visualize written stories of the A-bomb victims through animation. The experience notes of the A-bomb victims which will be the base for the animation are ones sent to NHK’s annual reciting, a program to read and share their experience, which have been running as long as 9 years now. A total of 2,200 notes have been sent to us so far. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
A new episode of Higanjima X that was included in Blu-ray.
(No synopsis yet.)
A collaboration between Ukkari Pénélope and Marukome for the latter's new product line of amazake, a drink made from fermented rice. Plus Kouji is based on a kouji mold (Aspergillus oryzae) enzyme which allows Marukome's product to contain 0% alcohol and be sugar-free so it is perfectly healthy for pregnant women, babies, and the eldery to drink while keeping the same taste as traditional amazake (which is normally sweet and mildly alcoholic).
Short animation describing the feelings of the victims of Hiroshima's Atomic Bombs.
