First part of the third season of the Shingeki no Kyojin.
The third Season of Overlord.
When it comes to the fantasy MMORPG Cross Reverie, none can match the power of the Demon King Diablo. Possessing the game's rarest artifacts and an unrivaled player level, he overpowers all foolish enough to confront him. But despite his fearsome reputation, Diablo's true identity is Takuma Sakamoto, a shut-in gamer devoid of any social skills. Defeating hopeless challengers day by day, Takuma cares about nothing else but his virtual life—that is, until a summoning spell suddenly transports him to another world where he has Diablo's appearance!  In this new world resembling his favorite game, Takuma is greeted by the two girls who summoned him: Rem Galeu, a petite Pantherian adventurer, and Shera L. Greenwood, a busty Elf summoner. They perform an Enslavement Ritual in an attempt to subjugate him, but the spell backfires and causes them to become his slaves instead. With the situation now becoming more awkward than ever, Takuma decides to accompany the girls in finding a way to unbind their contract while learning to adapt to his new existence as the menacing Demon King. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Inside the human body, roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically 24 hours a day and 365 days a year. Fresh out of training, the cheerful and somewhat airheaded Red Blood Cell AE3803 is ready to take on the ever-so-important task of transporting oxygen. As usual, White Blood Cell U-1146 is hard at work patrolling and eliminating foreign bacteria seeking to make the body their new lair. Elsewhere, little platelets are lining up for a new construction project.  Dealing with wounds and allergies, getting lost on the way to the lungs, and bickering with similar cell types, the daily lives of cells are always hectic as they work together to keep the body healthy! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With dead and lifeless eyes, Rachel Gardner wishes only to die. Waking up in the basement of a building, she has no idea how or why she's there. She stumbles across a bandaged murderer named Zack, who is trying to escape. After promising to kill her as soon as he is free, Rachel and Zack set out to ascend through the building floor by floor until they escape. However, as they progress upward, they meet more twisted people, and all of them seem familiar with Rachel. What is her connection to the building, and why was she placed in it? Facing a new boss on each floor, can Rachel and Zack both achieve their wishes? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Iori Kitahara moves to the coastal town of Izu for his freshman year at its university, taking residence above Grand Blue, his uncle's scuba diving shop. Iori has high hopes and dreams about having the ideal college experience, but when he enters the shop he is sucked into the alcoholic activities of the carefree members of the Diving Club who frequent the place. Persuaded by upperclassmen Shinji Tokita and Ryuujirou Kotobuki, Iori reluctantly joins their bizarre party. His cousin Chisa Kotegawa later walks in and catches him in the act, earning Iori her utter disdain. Based on Kenji Inoue and Kimitake Yoshioka's popular comedy manga, Grand Blue follows Iori's misadventures with his eccentric new friends as he strives to realize his ideal college dream, while also learning how to scuba dive. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Aslan Jade Callenreese, known as Ash Lynx, was a runaway picked off the streets of New York City and raised by the infamous godfather of the mafia, Dino Golzine. Now 17 years old and the boss of his own gang, Ash gets his hands on a mysterious drug called "Banana Fish"—the same two words his older brother, Griffin, has muttered since his return from the Iraq War. However, his investigation is hindered when Dino sends his men to retrieve the drug from Ash at an underground bar he uses as a hideout. At the bar, Skip, Ash's friend, introduces him to Shunichi Ibe and his assistant, Eiji Okumura, who are Japanese photographers reporting on American street gangs. However, their conversation is interrupted when Shorter Wong, one of Ash's allies, calls to warn him about Dino. Soon, Dino's men storm the bar, and in the ensuing chaos kidnap Skip and Eiji. Now, Ash must find a way to rescue them and continue his investigation into Banana Fish, but will his history with the mafia prevent him from succeeding? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
During recess, Olivia, a foreign transfer student who doesn't know English, plays a game of "look-the-other-way" with Hanako Honda, a loud-mouthed airhead. Their rowdy behavior spurs the ire of Kasumi Nomura, a deadpan loner constantly teased by her older sister for her tendency to lose games. Not willing to compete, Kasumi declines Olivia's offer to join the fun, but eventually gets involved anyway and dispenses her own brand of mischief. Soon, a strange friendship blossoms between the peculiar trio, and they decide to form the "Pastime Club," where they are free to resume their daily hijinks.  Whether it be failing to learn English, trying desperately to become popular, or getting caught by teachers at the wrong time, school life will never be boring when the girls of Asobi Asobase are up to their hilarious antics. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Once a hot springs inn, now a boarding house with extraordinarily cheap rent, Yuragi-sou is virtually uninhabited save for a few peculiar residents. As rumor has it, it is haunted by a vile ghost which scares away all potential tenants. Therefore, it is the perfect refuge for Fuyuzora Kogarashi—a broke, homeless psychic seeking an affordable roof to stay under and ghosts to exorcise. Kogarashi prepares for a face-off against the ghost, only to find out it is not as malicious as the rumors made it out to be. Instead, it is the ghost of a beautiful, silver-haired girl whose only recollection of her life before death is her name: Yuuna. Even more baffling is that the other tenants of Yuragi-sou not only are able to see Yuuna as well, but each has their own supernatural ability. Amidst the chaos caused by his quirky fellow residents, Kogarashi attempts to uncover the regret that keeps Yuuna anchored to the world of the living, lest she become an evil spirit sentenced to spend her afterlife in hell. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the year 1930, vampires have infiltrated Tokyo to feast upon its unsuspecting citizens. As the number of victims continues to rise, the city's authorities decide to hire the Jaegers—a strange, diverse group of individuals tasked by the V Shipping Company to hunt down vampires around the world. Carrying musical instrument cases to disguise their identity, the Jaegers battle the vampires with the same mercilessness demonstrated by their foes. Yuliy, the Jaeger's most skilled warrior, is the sole survivor of a vampire raid on his home village. Using the strength granted by his werewolf blood, he works with his team to assist Tokyo's law enforcement with the city's vampire problem. Though under the pretense of helping the police, the Jaegers are actually fighting the vampires over the mystical Ark of Sirius. With its power to change the fate of the world, Yuliy and his friends must locate the artifact before the vampires can use it to achieve their destructive goals. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Satou Matsuzaka is a beautiful high schooler who has a reputation for being permissive with men. However, a chance encounter with a young girl named Shio Koube makes Satou realize that this is her first and only true feeling of love. Telling others that she lives with her aunt, Satou secretly shares an apartment with Shio. Despite her innocent appearance, Satou is willing to do anything to protect her beloved, resorting to desperate measures to ensure that their "happy sugar life" remains intact. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After her crushing defeat of 21-0 at the National Junior Badminton Tournament, Nagisa Aragaki's love for her sport begins to distort. Unable to deal with the shame of loss, she starts to terrorize the members of her high school badminton club. Her grueling drills bring some to the verge of tears while others quit the club outright. With the team losing members and new prospects being too terrified to join, the future of the badminton club looks exceptionally grim. That is, until Kentarou Tachibana joins as the new head coach. Not only is he an Olympic-level player, but he also comes bearing a secret weapon: Ayano Hanesaki, the girl who defeated Nagisa six months ago. However, Ayano is not the rival Nagisa remembers, but a girl with conflicted feelings wanting to distance herself from badminton. With her future in sports now on the line, Nagisa must find a way to face her fears of inadequacy, heal her rival's troubled heart, and bring victory to Kitakomachi High School's badminton club. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Some urban legends are best left untested! Yuuto Suou gets more than he bargained for when he joins his childhood friend Mitsuki Shimoya in testing out an urban legend. When he uses his phone to take a picture of himself with the local shrine's divine mirror, he is whisked off into another world—one heavily steeped in the lore of the old Norse myths. Using his knowledge gained from school and from his solar-powered smartphone, he has the chance to bring the Wolf Clan, the same people who cared for him, to prominence, all while earning the adoration of a group of magic-wielding warrior maidens known as the Einherjar. (Source: J-Novel Club)
Urashima, an island far from the mainland. The people who live there lead carefree lives. But five years ago, the island's three great families suffered a series of misfortunes and succumbed to suspicion. The people of the island cut off all contact with the mainland and began a slow decline. The key to saving the island lies in three girls who belong to the three families. But they are bound by old traditions, and are conflicted. On that island, a lone man washes ashore. The man claims to be from the future, and he begins a solitary struggle to change the island's fate. (Source: ANN)
The year is 1991, and arcade video games are the latest craze. Becoming a professional gamer is a far-fetched dream in an industry that has yet to spread its influence. Yet, that is the path sixth-grader Haruo Yaguchi wants to pursue. His aptitude for video games has earned him respect in local arcades and bestowed him with confidence and pride, both of which are shattered when fellow classmate Akira Oono easily defeats him in Street Fighter 2. Akira is rich, pretty, and smart—as close as can be to a perfect girl. But Haruo had never cared about these things as, despite his multiple shortcomings as a person, his supremacy in video games was, in his mind, undisputed. So, now that someone has appeared who can rival him, part of Haruo cannot help but loathe her. Another part, however, itches for somebody who can compete with him on equal terms, and Akira is more than capable. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Asahi's life in reality ended simultaneously when she died playing Union, a world-renowned online RPG. The members of Subaru went separate ways when Union shut down due to Asahi's death. Six years later, Haruto logs onto a renewed version of Re'Union and reunites with Asahi who had died. Is it really her or just an electronic ghost? The former team members reunite and enter the mysterious and deadly online game to find out. (Source: TBS Global Business)
For the average Japanese high school student, walking to school can be a chore, but for first-year Chio Miyamo, it's always an adventure. Constantly running late due to her long night sessions playing video games, she is forced to come up with new routes to make it to Samejima Private Academy on time.  On her many bizarre journeys to school, Chio contends with obstacles like street-blocking detours, overzealous kabaddi players, and befuddled motorcycle gang leaders. But these minor hindrances are no match for the special ops training that Chio, AKA the legendary assassin "Bloody Butterfly," has received from her extensive gaming obsession. Together with her best friends Manana Nonomura and Yuki Hosokawa, Chio will do whatever it takes to avoid her school's harsh penalties for tardiness. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In beach volleyball, there is no room for aces. To achieve victory, each player must find their one, irreplaceable partner that they can rely on in the court of sand. At least, that is what Haruka Oozora learns on her first day in Okinawa after moving in with her grandmother and her cousin Kanata Higa. While touring a nearby beach, Haruka stumbles upon some girls practicing beach volleyball and is quickly invited to join. This friendly practice game suddenly turns into a match when one of the girls, Narumi Tooi, notices Kanata approaching the court.         Although the two suffer a devastating defeat, Haruka finally realizes the reason for her cousin’s quiet and distant behavior. Kanata and Narumi used to be an exceptionally talented beach volleyball duo, until Kanata quit due to her short height causing problems for Narumi. Now, with the Junior Tournament just weeks away, Haruka must learn the intricacies of competitive beach volleyball and help Kanata overcome her crippling anxiety towards the sport that she once used to love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the new series, Haruka, who is attending college in Tokyo, meets Asahi again and reawakens his memories from his middle school years, including those of Ikuya. Makoto is working toward a new dream while he is in Tokyo together with Haruka. Rin has an unexpected meeting in Sydney. As they await their new futures, will they see a new fight ahead? Or will they instead confront the past they left behind? (Source: ANN)
Shiina Aki is constantly being treated like a girl due to his feminine looks so he decides to move to Tokyo to attend middle school in an attempt to change himself. However, what awaits him in his new home, Sunohara-sou, is the kind-hearted caretaker, Sunohara Ayaka. Along with the three female members of Aki's new middle school's student council, Yukimoto Yuzu, Yamanashi Sumire, and Kazami Yuri. And so begins Aki's new life in Tokyo living with four girls.
After failing their boss for the last time, yakuza members Kentarou, Ryou, and Kazuhiko are faced with one of two choices: have their organs harvested and sold or take a trip to Thailand for sex reassignment surgery and become pop idols. Now, after a year of excruciating training, the three thugs have been reborn as Airi, Chika, and Mari. Debuting as the amateur idol group The Goku Dolls, the three strive towards becoming top idols. However, despite the hours of feminizing brainwashing they were forced to endure, the three idols have managed to keep the yakuza spirit alive in their hearts. In order to fix this, their yakuza boss hires Mandarin Kinoshita, a legendary manager who has never had an idol group fail under his management. With their lives now on the line, the reluctant yakuza must work with their new manager to unleash their inner cuteness and become the successful idols that their tyrannical boss can truly be proud of.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second Season of the final arc of Gintama.
Jashin-chan, a devil from Hell was abruptly summoned to the human world by Yurine Hanazono, a stoic college student who lives in a run-down apartment in Jinbocho. They're forced to become roommates since Yurine doesn't know how to send Jashin-chan back. But according to Jashin-chan, she could return by killing Yurine, so she takes action...?! A viperous roomie comedy that keeps you on your toes! (Source: Amazon Prime Video)
As preparations begin for Seisho Music Academy's yearly Seisho Festival, the girls of the 99th class are gearing up to perform their very own rendition of "Starlight," the tragic tale of two goddesses drawn together by the glow of the heavens but destined to be pulled apart, never to meet again. Created to foster the next generation of theatrical talent, this girls’ only school works to improve the singing, acting, and dancing skills of its students. One student is 16-year-old Karen Aijou, an easygoing girl who has dreamed of performing on stage since she was a child. Her love for theater is further invigorated when her childhood friend Hikari Kagura transfers to Seisho Academy. Through her old friend, Karen stumbles upon a secret elevator leading to a massive theater underneath the school. Hosted by a talking giraffe, this arena serves as a battleground where her classmates participate in duels to determine who among them deserves the title of "Top Star," earning them the right to play one of the lead roles in "Starlight." Emboldened by the promise she made with Hikari to someday be stars together, Karen enters these mysterious battles in the hopes of making their dream a reality. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
According to the theories of oneiromancy, dreams of dragons represent the struggle of losing yourself to your own anger. Fittingly, Souya Kuroi wakes up from a nightmare of a massive dragon destroying everything around him in a blaze of rainbow colored light. After being told that he lost his parents and memory in a strange accident, the waking world becomes another nightmare in itself. With this dream being his only memory, he has no choice but to be taken care of by his two strange guardians: the spunky and energetic maid Ginko, and a huge cat known only as "Sensei." His new life is turned upside down when the denizens of Saromisaka City are beset by a teddy bear-shaped UFO. When military power proves to be ineffective, seven mysterious people rise up to fight off the monstrosity. These heroes destroy the invader in a flurry of rainbow colored lights, the very same lights that Souya saw in his nightmare. With the alien threat repelled, these seven strangers find themselves facing a new adversary: Souya. Swearing vengeance upon the people who decimated his old life, he begins his crusade against these "heroes" and becomes embroiled in a struggle of galactic proportions. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The scary great king comes from the other side of the sea... The big incident "Genkou" that shook medieval Japan is being drawn in an original way in this historical anime, along with the beginning of the Samurai! (Source: Crunchyroll)
Based on mystery novels written by Mochizuki Mai. There is an antique shop in Kyoto's Teramachi Sanjou shopping district. High school girl Mashiro Aoi unexpectedly runs into Yagashira Kiyotaka, the son of the shop's owner, and ends up working part-time at the shop. Kiyotaka is called the "Holmes at Teramachi Sanjou," and he and Aoi solve odd cases brought to them by various clients. (Source: ANN)
The ceiling collapsed and a girl fell through from the second floor!? Sousuke lives in a rundown apartment building where his only consolation is that the landlord is a beautiful woman and the girl who lives above him is cute. One day though, the ceiling above him creaks and... Bang! In from the second floor, directly above him, the cute girl comes crashing down on him…!? In an erotic encounter that can only be classified as a miracle, hearts and bodies are connected by chance. Then for some reason, he starts to live with both of these beautiful women!? Under this one roof, just what exactly will become of this crowded love triangle...!? (Source: Honey's Anime)
The final three episodes of Fate/Extra: Last Encore.
Set in Tokyo, it's January 29, 2030. High-frequency resonance is observed in the vicinity of Tokyo, and the red fog rolls into the city. Those who hear the sound, humans and animals alike, pass out, losing consciousness. Everything shuts down in Tokyo, believing that the fog is carrying an unknown virus that causes an epidemic. However, six days later, after the incident, people wake up as if nothing happened. After that, Tokyo's sealed-off city sections gradually return to normal. However, since the high-frequency resonance, some "bizarre events" start to happen, and people find themselves being pulled deeper into more mysteries. Meanwhile, young people start to become aware of themselves and release their power hidden in their blood, discovering themselves as "vessel of wisdom blood." Together, being led by something unknown, they meet, communicate, and face the unavoidable circle of fate, sacrificing their own lives. (Source: MAL News)
Set in modern day London, the story takes place in a world where "Shadows" are born from human fear and anxiety. A young girl arrives to study abroad, only to be caught in a bizarre incident as she enters university. In a city with no acquaintances, the helpless girl wanders into "Café Forbidden," a mysterious café that exclusively opens at midnight. She meets an assortment of handsome men employed at the café, where guardians who protect the boundary between humans and shadow convene. (Source: MAL News)
Are you a victim of unwanted spirit possession? Is there a ghost you need sent up and away...or down to burn for all eternity? If the answer is yes, then you need Muhyo and Roji, experts in magic law. Serving justice to evil spirits is their specialty. (Source: VIZ Media)
Chuukan Kanriroku Tonegawa is a spin-off of the Kaiji series, which follows Tonegawa, the right hand man of Kazutaka Hyoudou, the president of the Teiai Corporation and owner of numerous gambling tournaments. After Hyoudou is getting bored with his life, he orders Tonegawa to organize a so called "game of death" as it is his and his subordinate's job to keep the president in a good mood. Tonegawa must cooperate with his subordinates in order to make the president happy and what follows is a humorous story of his interactions with his subordinates and other characters of the Kaiji series. (Source: MAL News)
Second season of One Room. 
The four-episode sequel of Beatless called Beatless Final Stage. To create the future that everyone can have hope, Arato takes Lacia's hand once again. Will the future he chooses be the human race's end? Or will it be the beginning to the new world?" (Source: Crunchyroll)
Second season of Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai!. 
Aoi and Hinata are childhood friends. Aoi prefers staying indoors and is afraid of heights, whereas Hinata is outgoing and loves mountaineering. They both decide to climb a mountain in order to see a sunrise they saw together when they were younger. In the coming third season, they enjoy hiking beautiful mountains with colored leaves and the story gets even more colorful when they become friends with local school girls!! (Source: Yomiuri TV Enterprise)
The heroine is a normal girl, until one day she is invited to another world and becomes the princess of the dream world, where people use dreams as the energy to live. One day, the dream world is being attacked by something called "yumekui" ("dream eater"), and many princes are being attacked by it. The heroine must wake them up to save the dream world, as the princes are unable to wake up due to having their dreams stolen. (Source: MAL News)
The series is set during the Edo period, in the Fukagawa ward of old Edo (present-day Tokyo). Because the area is prone to fire and flooding, residents rent everyday items like pots, futons, and clothing from shops instead of purchasing them, so as not to impede them when they flee. Obeni and Seiji, an older sister and younger brother, run one such rental shop called Izumoya. However, mixed in with their inventory are tsukumogami, objects that have turned into spirits after a hundred years of existence. The siblings sometimes lend these sentient items to customers. Both Obeni and Seiji can see and talk to these spirits, and other tsukumogami often come to the store after hearing of the famed siblings.  (Source: ANN)
There are eleven girls that consist the C-class Ongaku Shoujo idol unit under Pine Records. Despite generating red sales marks and not being very popular, Producer Ikebashi and the members are trying their very best to up their levels. Nevertheless, Ikebashi suggests recruiting a new member for Ongaku Shoujo; someone who can act as a catalyst for the success of the group. Thus, an audition was opened, leading to the soon-to-be legendary group's meeting to a girl named Hanako. (Source: MAL News)
Despair War is a battle between ancient guns and contemporary guns. Due to a nuclear war, the world was destroyed. Under the full governance of a world empire, people are living with their freedom taken. Despite the forbidden rule of owning any weapons, there is a resistance that secretly fights against the world empire. They own ancient guns left as art and fight using these. Then, the Kijuushi appear as the souls of the ancient guns. Proud and magnificent, the "Absolute Royal" are the only ones that can give hope to this world. The story depicts the everyday life of the Kijuushi. Laughter, despair, happiness, confusion, pain; they would still pursue their own absolute loyalty to fight. What do they fight for? What should they protect? (Source: MAL News)
Mini anime series featuring the girls from Girls Band Party!
The 6th Season of Yami Shibai. A series of short horror stories, full of mystery and darkness. Supernatural phenomena and Japanese folktales told by a mysterious old man in the middle of the forest.
The series is about a missing genius whose mysterious disappearance becomes a shady secret among the successful members of society. (source: MAL News)
The third season of Cinderella Girls Gekijou.
(No synopsis yet.)
The pinnacle of gag manga as well as one of Akatsuka Fujio's most renowned works, "Tensai Bakabon" returns after 18 years since its last anime with Director Hosokawa Toru's new original story! Bakabon and his family, who made the phrase "This is how it should be" famous, are back along with the eccentric cast of Mr. Policeman, Rerere no Ojisan and Eel-Dog letting loose in a much more modern setting! The new frontier of "Bakabon" that'll take place in a late-night slot is about to begin, 10 years after Akatsuka Fujio's death. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Bonus segments of Cinderella Girls Gekijou 3rd Season streamed on The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls Mobage following the television broadcast. 
Second season of Hataraku Onii-san!.
The sixth season of Future Card Buddyfight featuring Gao Mikado's son.
The franchise centers on two friends: a naive weasel who likes cute and round things, and a dormouse who plays innocent. Together, they spend their days playing and having fun in short stories set in Nagano Prefecture.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
This story is about Mick, a sleeping chironomid. Insects are taken up into space for use in experiments by humans. An epic space adventure of Mick and his friends of their journey back home to Earth. The development plans and experiments are aborted by humans for no known reason, the organisms are left behind in the space station with limited resources. Going over hurdles and fighting through challenges, together, they travel across planets and gain new comrades, heading for Earth. As their journey progresses, the mystery behind the human’s abandonment unravels…  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Second season of Marvel Future Avengers.
The story centers on a frog prince cursed by a witch and his servant, a caterpillar named Henry. (Source: ANN)
The book series offers humourous introductions to surprising aspects of living creatures, such as "raccoons don't really wash their food," and "dolphins would drown if they fall completely asleep."  (Source: ANN)
Short episodes that introduce the Cocotama's from Kirakira Happy★Hirake! Cocotama TV series.
(No synopsis yet.)
The fifth season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
As summer arrives for the students at UA Academy, each of these superheroes-in-training puts in their best efforts to become renowned heroes. They head off to a forest training camp run by UA's pro heroes, where the students face one another in battle and go through dangerous tests, improving their abilities and pushing past their limits. However, their school trip is suddenly turned upside down when the League of Villains arrives, invading the camp with a mission to capture one of the students.  Boku no Hero Academia 3rd Season follows Izuku "Deku" Midoriya, an ambitious student training to achieve his dream of becoming a hero similar to his role model—All Might. Being one of the students caught up amidst the chaos of the villain attack, Deku must take a stand with his classmates and fight for their survival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The eccentric, self-proclaimed mad scientist Rintarou Okabe has become a shell of his former self. Depressed and traumatized after failing to rescue his friend Makise Kurisu, he has decided to forsake his mad scientist alter ego and live as an ordinary college student. Surrounded by friends who know little of his time travel experiences, Okabe spends his days trying to forget the horrors of his adventures alone.  While working as a receptionist at a college technology forum, Okabe meets the short, spunky Maho Hiyajo, who later turns out to be the interpreter at the forum's presentation, conducted by Professor Alexis Leskinen. In front of a stunned crowd, Alexis and Maho unveil Amadeus—a revolutionary AI capable of storing a person's memories and creating a perfect simulation of that person complete with their personality and quirks. Meeting with Maho and Alexis after the presentation, Okabe learns that the two were Kurisu's colleagues in university, and that they have simulated her in Amadeus. Hired by Alexis to research the simulation's behavior, Okabe is given the chance to interact with the shadow of a long-lost dear friend. Dangerously tangled in the past, Okabe must face the harsh reality and carefully maneuver around the disastrous consequences that come with disturbing the natural flow of time. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically. When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno's Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno's voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal—to become the Wizard King! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja. Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life. New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto: Naruto Next Generations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ren Amamiya, a new transfer student at Shujin Academy, is sent to Tokyo to live with his family friend Sojiro Sakura after wrongly being put on probation for defending a woman from sexual assault. While on the way to attend his first day at his new school, Ren notices a strange app has appeared on his phone, transferring him to a world known as the Metaverse, which contains people's "shadows": distorted depictions of their true selves. In the Metaverse, he awakens his Persona, a power from deep within that gives him the strength to fight the shadows. With the help of similarly troubled students, he forms the Phantom Thieves of Hearts, attempting to save people from their sinful desires by "taking their heart," making evildoers regret their actions and turn over a new leaf. The group's reputation continues to grow explosively, bringing along fame both positive and negative. However, during the peak of their popularity, Ren gets captured and taken into custody. Here, he wakes up to a harsh interrogation, but this is cut short by the arrival of Sae Niijima—a prosecutor seeking answers. Just how will she react to his story, and what will become of the Phantom Thieves?  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Female college student Aoi inherited her deceased grandfather's ability to see ayakashi. One day, while Aoi is feeding some ayakashi, a demon appears! He declares that Aoi's grandfather owed a great debt, and as compensation, Aoi must marry the demon! Aoi refuses, and decides to pay off the debt by working. (Source: MU)
The romantic comedy follows the everyday life of an extremely tsundere (initially aloof and abrasive, but later kind-hearted) boy named Atsuhiro "Akkun" Kagari and his girlfriend Non "Nontan" Katagiri. Akkun's behavior is harsh toward Nontan with verbal abuse and neglect, but he actually is head-over-heels for her and habitually acts like a stalker by tailing her or eavesdropping. Nontan is oblivious to Akkun's stalker ways, and thinks his actions are cute. (Source: ANN)
Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing football at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession.  In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd. He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it. 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nearly twenty years into the 21st century, people have forgotten the existence of youkai. When a number of unexplainable phenomena plague adults of the human world with confusion and chaos, thirteen-year-old Mana writes a letter to the Youkai Post in search of answers, only to be greeted by Gegege no Kitarou... (Source: Crunchyroll)
The series is set in a near-future world where the boundary between human being and AI is vague. A rapid biological evolution, similar to "Cambrian Explosion," is caused by one incident. This incident turns into the genesis of a new jostle for supremacy, and the influence of the evolution goes beyond biological framework and spreads to various kinds of materials and technologies. The era of massive evolution involving diverse existences, such as human, machines, and biotechnologies, is coming. Characters fight an existential war in such a world. (Source: ANN)
In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.  One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago. (Source: ASCII.jp)
In the new series, Lupin III will travel to France — the home of his grandfather and namesake, Maurice Leblanc's master thief character Arsène Lupin. (Source: ANN)
Daigo is born as the son of Gorou, a father who is too great. What path will Daigo, who is burdened with great expectations, take in baseball? (Source: ANN)
Inazuma Eleven Ares will be set in a parallel world, taking place after the events of the first game, and develop the story from the perspectives of three protagonists—Ryouhei Haizaki, Asuto Inamori, and Yuuma Nosaka. The story revolves around a group of boys living on an island who love to play soccer. Their soccer club is suddenly abolished, and the only way they can regain it is to win the Football Frontier. Protagonist Asuto Inamori and company leave the island for Tokyo to attend Raimon Junior High School and take on the Football Frontier. But their first match is against the number one-ranked Seishou Gakuen. (Source: Gematsu)
Gunpla Battle Nexus Online (GBN) is a new network game that lets people enjoy a variety of missions using Gunpla in a virtual cyberspace dimension. Middle-school students Riku Mikami and Yukio Hidaka recruit their classmate Momoka Yashiro and dive together into this vast world. Becoming "Divers," or inhabitants of GBN, they meet a mysterious girl named Sarah who has an amazing sensitivity to Gunpla. They begin playing alongside her, but... There are many other famous Divers, starting with Kyoya Kujo, the champion whom Riku admires. Multiple Divers can join to form a team called a "force." Meanwhile, the game is disrupted by Mass-Divers who use unofficial tools called break decals. Through many encounters and experiences, Riku and his friends will build not only Gunpla, but their own adventures as well! (Source: Gundam Wiki)
Professor Layton's daughter, Katrielle Layton, runs the Layton Detective Agency together with the talking dog Sherl and her assistant Ernest, and solves strange cases that happen everyday in London. Originally, she started the job with the purpose of finding her father, Hershel Layton, who had disappeared suddenly, but her incredible ability to solve puzzles made her well-known and she receives numerous requests. (Source: Layton Wiki)
Nono Hana is an 8th grade student who wants to be a stylish and mature big sister like figure. She always puts on a lovely smile and loves to search for exciting things. One day, Hana meets a baby named Hug-tan and her guardian fairy named Harry who had fallen from the sky. At that exact moment, an evil organization called Dark Tomorrow suddenly appeared! They're trying to forcefully take Hug-tan's Mirai Crystal! In order to protect Hug-tan, Hana wishes to do something to help her, and her wish is granted, as she gains a Mirai Crystal and transforms into Cure Yell. The world is overflowed with Tomorrow Powerer, which is the power to create a brilliant tomorrow, which is crystallized into the Mirai Crystals. If it's stolen, everyone's future will not exist. To protect Hug-tan and everyone's future, Cure Yell will do her best! (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Aine Yuuki who is a regular student at Star Harmony Academy's normal division and meets Mio Minato from idol division who invites her to join Aikatsu to fulfill Aine's goal to make friends. She also befriends Maika Chouno and Ema Hinata who are also idols. Aine and Mio form a pair to become best friends to become the bright "Diamond Friends". Karen Kamishiro and Mirai Asuku are categorized as "Diamond Friends" and are in the Diamond Class!  (Source: Wikipedia)
Third season of the Nobunaga no Shinobi series.
The main protagonist Sendou Aichi, is a timid and mundane third-year middle school boy. The thing that supported Aichi's heart, was the "Blaster Blade" card that he received as a child. It's an important rare card from "Vanguard", a card game with the imaginary world of "Planet Cray" as its stage. From the day he reunited with the person who gave him that card "Toshiki Kai", Aichi's everyday life began to change. (Source: Crunchyroll)
12-year-old Oriko Seki, who lost her parents in a car accident, ended up living in her grandmother's Onsen Ryokan "Haru no Ya." With the ghost "Uribou" cohabitating with her and all the other odds, she ended up training to be a young female innkeeper. At first, she didn't like the training, but gradually felt her admiration for her title and began to train seriously. Thus, the growth of the young warrior Oriko begins. (Source: MAL News)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
 First-year middle school girls Mirai Momoyama and Emo Moegi are two aspiring idols who decide to use the "Pri☆Chan System," a system used by famous people and companies to broadcast content. Like many girls starting their own channels and uploading content, the pair decide to become their own producers, starting their own channel in an attempt to become Pri☆Chan idols. (Source: ANN)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
Hayato Hayasugi (his last name is a pun on the words for "too fast") and other children will serve as conductors to pilot the Shinkalion. The Shinkalion robots are various models of real-life Japanese bullet trains (shinkansen) that transform into robots to fight an unknown evil to protect the safety and peace of Japan. The children must work together with the adults of the Shinkansen Ultra Evolution Institute (SUEI) to defeat a monster that looks like a jet black bullet train. (Source: TBS Global Business)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The second season of Koneko no Chii: Ponponra Daibouken is an original story written by mangaka Kanata Konami with "travel" as theme.
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Taking place after the events of the fourth film, the series centers on 11 yr old Keisuke Amano, Natsume's younger brother (both of whom are the children of Keita Amano and Fumika Kodama of the original Youkai Watch anime) who doesn't believe in any supernatural phenomenon around him. But as he notices his sister is frequently comes back home late, he decided to stalk her, only to find out she is doing her duties exorcising evil Youkai alongside her friends Touma and Akinori, and running a Yo-Kai detective agency. With their secret revealed to him, Natsume decided to let him tag along in her activities as they investigate Youkai crimes and take on evil Youkai to maintain peace all over the city.  (Source: Wiki)
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The sound of yodeling will appear when you least expect it. 
(No synopsis yet.)
The story is set in modern day Japan following the growth of the protagonist Taiga Akashi, an elementary school kid who wants to be a professional gamer someday.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Based on the characters created by Study.
The series stars a cat with a lack of energy who speaks while lying down, yet has a thorough personality. He thinks various things and has fun watching humans.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
The story centers on Matthew, a daydreaming worrywart of a rabbit. Matthew also has two friends: Keron, a pessimistic frog who is fond of good-luck charms; and Ham, a hamster of few words and who moves through life at his own pace. The story follows the three animals' everyday lives within a mysterious forest.  (Source: ANN)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
Third season of Shounen Ashibe: Go! Go! Goma-chan.
The series centers around two cats: a younger sister named Neko, and an older brother named Mata. Neko is a nekomata (a mythical two-tailed cat), innocently selfish, and spoiled by her brother. Mata is a neighborhood cat with an eartipped mark as a sign of being neutered. They meet under a streetlight in the city at night to talk. (Source: ANN)
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The series follows the black cat Monroe and the human Yoppy and their "normal and special everyday lives." (Source: ANN)
The series follows a detective with a head shaped like a butt.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
(No synopsis yet.)
The anime follows the frogs Kekkero and Ke who try to find their 998 other siblings.  (Source: ANN)
A tourism promotional anime for the Akita prefecture. Highlighting Akita cuisine, actors, landmarks, etc. through the banter of two high school friends who are a red oni and an akita (dog breed). 
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
A fifth-year elementary student named Eiji Tōmatsu, and his "inspiration" buddy, a dog named Pochirou. One day Eiji finds a mysterious book called the "Pikachin Research Book," and learns about the seven tools that make up the Pikachin Kit. Eiji presses a button inside the research book, and immediately a "Future Amazon" delivery arrives at his door with the kit. Eiji uses the blueprints included in the box to assemble the kit, but it seems as though 1% part of the kit is still missing.  In the franchise, the word "Pikachin" means the flash of inspiration or insight one gets about a new project, similar to the visual of a lightbulb turning on above one's head when someone has an idea. The concept of the franchise is "invention is 99% plastic models, 1% inspiration."  (Source: ANN)
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Third season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Sequel to Panpaka Pants W-O-New!. 
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
(No synopsis yet.)
10 years ago, a mysterious stone which looks just like an egg was found. This egg turns out to be an ancient legendary Dragon Egg and it later transformed in to a dragon. People call this the ‘First Hatching’ and found out that they are able to use a dragon’s powerful energy only if they can speak the language of dragon. Soon after they found out this, an international society choose talented children to communicate with dragon and train them to carry out impossible missions. This group of children are called as Knights of Dragon. The Knights of Dragon carry out impossible missions successfully by finding dragons and their language hidden all around the world. Everything working out great only before they got attack from Defectors… (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Gonglyong Mecard is a spin-off-series of Mecard, based on the idea that dinosaurs didn't become extinct 65 million years ago, but transformed into mecanimals. Its characters don't have any relations to the cast from Turning Mecard, Turning Mecard W and Turning Mecard R. (Source: Gonglyong Mecard Wikia)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
An adult comedy series about a film crew of banana men who work for a television station. In order to boost ratings they have to follow the absurd requests of the boss.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
The main character is the mysterious lifeform Oochopus. In the series, the Oochopus appears at the house of five-year-old Kantarou and three-year-old An-chan. Kantarou and An-chan accept the cute but somewhat irresponsible Oochopus as family. (Source: ANN)
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The series follows a young girl named Shina who hopes to become the world's best DJ, and is interested in new sounds. Shina explores a mysterious world filled with Otoppe, strange creatures capable of unique sounds.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Fairies living in a fluffy forest, where both flowers and trees are fluffy. Follow a witch's trouble-maker apprentices Pui Pui and Muu Muu. 
The anime is set on the titular Musical Note Island, where the god of music is said to reside. The island is home to "instrument animals," who are born from music energy, and have parts of their body composed of a musical instrument. One day, a witch arrives at the island. The warrior girl Cara must go on a journey to defeat the witch and win back the peace on the island. (Source: ANN)
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
Unicorn no Kyupi is a helpful sprite that lives in the kitchen and polishes dirty pots and pans clean with its fluffy white body. Harigorou, a rival sprite shaped like a hedgehog, tries to interfere.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Cappy (an anthropomorphic baseball cap) and Knitty (an anthropomorphic knitted hat) help residents of their town with small tasks and acts of kindness.
A short anime that airs within "Enkame: That's Enka Tainment" (and enka variety show) program on Asahi TV. It follows a cast of ice cream characters.
Sixth season of the Washimo series.
In honor of the 2018 World Cup, this season of GG Bond focuses on sports team competition, team spirit, and personal growth as they compete in the Meteor League. 
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The Soul Tree, the great source of our race. But for its ultimate power and by those whose minds were blinded by it, it also became the catastrophic cause that had brought never-ending wars between the tribes. Tortured by the agonies of the wars, the leaders of the tribes finally came to a peace agreement that they would instead open a competition. Players, equipped with special watches and shields, compete against each other as winner’s tribe would be awarded with Materion, the sacred fruit of the Soul Tree. These brave players, who throw themselves in this fierce fight, we call them the Runningman. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
With the threat of the Holy Grail War no longer looming over Fuyuki City, its inhabitants can finally enjoy a time of peace. Now that all of the Masters and Servants have adjusted to their new mundane lives, Shirou has taken it upon himself to cook for his household and show Saber the wonders of modern cuisine. Every day, he ventures into the marketplace to see what kind of different meals he can cook up with unique ingredients and a limited budget. However, his legendary skills often attract uninvited guests from all over the city, so there is never a dull moment at dinner with the Emiya family. As his guests entertain themselves in the living room, Shirou walks through the step-by-step process of creating some of his favorite meals. With delicacies such as his savory New Year soba with shrimp tempura, steamy foil-baked salmon, and cheesy bamboo shoot gratin, everything is up for grabs on his menu. Itadakimasu! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
As the grandmaster who founded the Demonic Sect, Wei Wuxian roamed the world in his wanton ways, hated by millions for the chaos he created. In the end, he was backstabbed by his dearest shidi and killed by powerful clans that combined to overpower him. He incarnates into the body of a lunatic who was abandoned by his clan and is later, unwillingly, taken away by a famous cultivator among the clans—Lan Wangji, his archenemy. This marks the start of a thrilling yet hilarious journey of attacking monsters, solving mysteries, and raising children. From the mutual flirtation along the way, Wei Wuxian slowly realizes that Lan Wangji, a seemingly haughty and indifferent poker-face, holds more feelings for Wei Wuxian than he is letting on. (Source: Exiled Rebels Scanlations)
A project where a number of women in different costumes show their panties while they make a disgusted face.
In May 2018, V-Jump announced a promotional anime for Dragon Ball Heroes, a Japanese arcade and trading card game that has never been released in the West. The anime is expected to be short and it is not expected to broadcast on TV. It will adapt the game's Prison Planet Arc, fully detailed in the Heroes manga published in Saikyou Jump, which has never been published in English. The first episode will debut July 1, 2018 at Aeon Lake Town.
About half a year before the opening of the patisserie, La Soleil where the catgirls work with Kashou. Back when Chocola and Vanilla were still kittens when they first arrived at the Minazuki household and before they opened up to the other catgirls. (Source: Official site)
Episodes 12–17 of Dies Irae released exclusively on the web.
(No synopsis yet.)
Part II of Sword Gai: The Animation.
On a hot summer day, five university students sneak into the library storage to look for some treasure. They find two sets of female antique mummies from Italy around the age of 14–20 years old. One of the students, Sayaka, rips open the mummy and takes out a stone called "stone of life," which gave the mummies super strength and eternal life. Having stolen their "stone of life," the two mummy girls wake up and become zombies after 100 years in order to get it back in a bloody gruesome way, smashing their heads and eating their flesh for power. The only way for the students to get out is to somehow find a way to kill the zombie girls. Will they be able to survive? (Source: Shochiku)
Hero was a high schooler living an ordinary life. One day, he meets a very strong and intelligent mechanical arm named "Mecha-ude". After a strange turn of events, the "Mecha-ude" started living inside Hero's hoodie and the two's life full of trouble begins. As the boy and his "Mecha-ude" fights together and strengthen their bonds, the two also meets new friends who also fights along with each of their own unique "Mecha-ude" partners. Out of those, one of the heroine has two "Mecha-ude" which appears out of her skirt. An active girl with a totally opposite characteristics from hero himself, he gradually becomes attracted to her. But the two are confronted with other "Mecha-ude" users who are in search of the secret of "Mecha-ude" relentlessly. (Source: kickstarter)
Chinese streaming platform bilibili is hosting exclusive Re:Zero footage--of the two protagonists enjoying cup ramen. The ad is in Japanese with Chinese subtitles and show Subaru introducing Emilia to Cup Noodles' Chinese brand, Hé Wèi Dào, after a study session. The pair enjoy a cup of the seafood flavor Cup Noodle, China's most popular flavor. Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu is titled and marketed as Re:Cong Ling Kaishi De Yi Shijie Shenghuo in China. (Source: ANN)
The cute story of the daily life between a guy and his cat-boy roommate.
Mihara Shouma is a first-year high school student. Shouma hasn't seen his good friend Atsushi in 3.5 years, ever since they lost contact with each other after elementary school. One day, Atsushi gets in contact with Shouma to invite him to a rare festival, so they can meet up and talk. Shouma goes to the "Tanabata Seven Night Festival" deep in the mountains, but Atsushi is not there. Instead, a girl named Shiori who also has a person she wants to meet is there. The festival's program manager Kanna suggests that he stay until the festival is over, and so Shouma and Shiori help Kanna prepare for the festival. Shouma and Shiori then get wrapped up in some strange events happening in the town. (Source: ANN)
Short anime inspired by the iOS and Android mobile game God Eater Resonant Ops.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Our protagonist is a teacher of a small class of girls. One day he gave the girls a snack, but that snack ended up having some HUGE effects! They grew up! They behave just as they did before, despite their voluptuous bodies... Receiving lots of their unintentional temptations, his patience is about to run out... (Source: hanime)
The Angelic Guard, who call the heavens their home, have been tasked with collecting the orbs scattered across the world. Lucifer—a leader of the Angelic Guard with a rebellious streak, said to wield power rivaling the Almighty—carries out her duty along with Uriel, also a leader of the guard. Together, they go about executing their mission, until Holy Magistrate Keter—the one who leads the heavens under the Almighty's will—tells Uriel of Lucifer's planned rebellion. Initially in disbelief, Uriel then learns that the accusations against Lucifer may be connected to an event that once threatened to shatter the heavens. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
Web-exclusive next episode previews for Harukana Receive. These contain unique chibi animations and are released on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel. They are released about 2 days prior to the full episode airing.
A beauty blogger has been sent to a VR reality game, where she has to stand firm in a catfight in boudoir. But how so? She is given numerous comestic products that she can arm herself up with. Based on the popular online novel published on the famous female-oriented online novel website "Jinjiang", this animation is strongly recommended to those who love all kinds of cosmetics. (Source: Guodong Subs)
Web shorts focusing on each of the 22/7 idols in normal everyday life.
"I've been holding a few words back for a long time — I like you!" "Beryl and Sapphire" is a popular manhua created by artist Ocarina. Here includes protagonists with the most random names in history — the mild-mannered Beryl (Green) and the easily-embarrassed Sapphire (Blue). At times the closest of friends, at others the worst of enemies… In this donghua where each episode is set in a different world, how would they encounter each other time and again?? Only angst? Too painful! Nothing but fluff? Too sugary! Come watch B&S, the show where you'll never guess the ending… (Source: Guodong Subs)
Based on the CG collection by Maron☆Maron (まろん☆まろん).
A collaboration between the TV anime Nora to Oujo to Noraneko Heart and Aizu Tetsudou (Aizu Railway). Nora has decided to take office as the honorary deputy station master of Aizu Railway's Ashinomaki-Onsen Station. This is the station of the famous real-life cat named Bus, who acted as the station master (similar to the cat Tama of the Kishi Station). On September 17, 2018 Nora will be inaugurated, the ceremony will have commemorative goods available.
In a ruined future Nerima, a photon energy disaster is said to have devastated the area. No one knows whether that is true or not, and details are hard to come by. All that is left is the photon research facility tower that stands as a monument at the center of the devastation. Z-chan and Gre-chan live together in the Shutter District, which spreads from the base of the tower. Their home is made from salvaged materials that they have named Photon House. The advanced photon energy that flowed through the place is now gone, and the world is now ruled by the Getter Rays that rain down from space. But even now, Z-chan and Gre-chan use the highly efficient photon energy to power their home. (Source: ANN)
Prequel vignettes to the Kemurikusa TV series released on Tatsuki's official Twitter. They have an irregular episode count as follows: ep 0 (in actuality, it is unnumbered), 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9, 12.1 for a grand total of seven Twitter episodes.
(No synopsis yet.)
A collaboration between SUNTORY's drink brand Green Dakara and the Mirai no Mirai anime film. In the first commercial, SUNTORY's drink mascot characters Green Dakara-chan and Mugi-chan come inside Mirai no Mirai protagonist Kun's house. He tells them to be quiet so as not to wake the sleeping Mirai.  The first ad debuted on Japanese national TV and online on Friday. The 2nd commercial was also debuted on Friday but it did not receive its national TV airing till the following week.
The animated opening for Square Enix's Koukyousei Million Arthur RPG mobile game launched for iOS and Android on October 4, 2018. It is said to be a "brand new" Million Arthur story where legends and myths intersect. The plan is for the game to be an action hunting RPG, unlike the previous ones which were mobile RPG card games.
Can a relationship survive after an affair? Azu is 30-year-old stay at home mom and she runs a nail salon in her apartment. While carrying the frustration of thinking that her husband Junpei (32) doesn't love her as a woman anymore, she raises the child they were blessed with and continues through the motions of everyday life. One day, while Azu is running her salon, a customer asks to borrow her cellphone, and shows her something dangerously entrancing. A few days afterward, she receives a notification from an unknown man, sending Junpei and Azu's relationship into the deep-end... From Yukari Koyama of the TV drama "Rose-Colored Crusade" comes a challenging original work! You are invited to the story of 4 married people that could take place anywhere, filled with temptation, betrayal, and broken hearts - a true love story! (Source: Manga Box)
One night in a merchant's mansion, a kunoichi (female ninja) named Yasuzu is violated by a group of men under the effect of "Aura of Ogre", called "Demi-Ogre". Although she had kept her virginity, the Demi-Ogres keeps sexually tormenting Yasuzu. Now the only thing Yasuzu can think about is her senior kunoichi Botan who she has longed for. At that time, Botan is sneaking into the merchant's mansion. Together with two of "herselves" which she created by her signature art of ninja "Kagebunshin", she beats watchmen down. There comes, however, the merchant carrying Yasuzu who has totally been screwed up. Botan and two of herselves get caught by Demi-Ogres in an off-guard moment... (Source: DLSite)
Short anime inspired by the iOS and Android mobile game God Eater Resonant Ops.
Two bunny girls get in trouble..... From the creator of CHAINSAW MAID and PUSSYCAT, another gory horror clay animation comes!! Never ending splatter carnival has begun!!
The fourth season of Ze Tian Ji.
A special anime promotional video for the Oshiego ni Kyouhaku Sareru no ga Hanzai desu ka? light novel, mainly to announce the 2nd volume's release on Wednesday. The series' story centers on Tenjin, a 27-year-old teacher who works at a cram school for students taking entrance exams for high school and middle school. While he is talented at teaching elementary school students, he holds no love for children. He coldly contents himself with grinding through his job while training his colleague JD and being tossed about by the cruel currents of life. But one day, while teaching a fifth-grade class, one of his students hugs him close and tells him that she loves him. And a 14-year old middle-school student named Seika sees the entire thing. Seika blackmails him into giving her "personal lessons" at night. (Source: ANN)
With the growing demand for high-quality organ transplants in Japan, many underground organizations have carried out kidnapping and murder operations to obtain organs for sale; surgeon doctors also started practicing. It even began to intervene in outside countries like China.  Our protagonist, Tamaki Suzuhara, a beautiful but mysterious high school girl, tries to find someone very important to her who is currently missing. She joined an illegal organ trafficking network, which kidnapped those who were judged "morally cure" for morphological, surgical removal of organs.  Let's see where this bloody journey and Tamaki Suzuhara's moral dilemma will lead. Can she find what she wants?
(No synopsis yet.)
The anime follows a coffee food truck shop, where the barista makes an individual cup for each customer. The coffee brewed conscientiously, sincerely, and wholeheartedly helps customers unwind. (Source: ANN)
The journey to the West was a conspiracy of heaven! After Sutra went missing for more than a decade, Heaven sent its army to search, in order not to let the Sutra once again fall into the hands of heaven, the journey to West begin again. (Source: White Cloud Pavilion)
He said he'd stop one second before we kiss... So why are we really kissing right now!? My first kiss is on stage performing a play......! We've been friends since we were kids, and Izuru's always bossing me around. I have to write the script for our school festival play, which is a relief because at least I can steer clear of Izuru, who's playing the leading role of the prince...... But on performance day, the princess gets sick, and I have to take her place! I'm dreading the final kissing scene. We're just supposed to pretend, but now... our lips are... touching...! I know it's Izuru... but he looks like a handsome prince, and... he's actually kinda hot...... (Source: Ebook Renta)
A "deleted scene" from Chainsaw Bunny, where the monster becomes a giant pink faceless looming creature.
The Bandai Namco concept movies for Tales of Crestoria. It is promoting the new mobile RPG game. While part of the "Tales of..." franchise, the game will feature original characters and story, to act as an entrance into the franchise for new fans who have no yet partaken in any of the anime/manga/video games of the franchise. The main theme of the work is "sin" and follows people who are living for their precious things while being chased by those who want to convict them for their sins. There is no word yet as to when the game will be released.
Lipton started a #watashitolipton campaign where people have to post a picture of themselves to Instagram or Twitter of them drinking a carton a Lipton while watching the anime. The winner of the campaign will be contacted and anime-ified as a character for 'episode 2'. And the 50 runner ups will receive a free Lipton carton. The deadline is September 7th. The official website shows two "Coming Soon" slots in the video section after this first Shigyou-hen episode so a 3rd animated episode is to be expected.
The opening animation to Readyyy!, Sega's male idol training smartphone game. The game is set in Kamakura, and the story's protagonist is a newly-minted producer of the Dia Production talent agency. But the protagonist is also the manager of the dormitory where 18 idols are all living together. Pre-registration opened the day after the video was posted to the official YouTube channel but there has been no release date listed as to when the app will launch. (Source: ANN)
A new season of Eagle Talon, this season focuses on current news stories in a panel-style show and will be distributed online. Eagle Talon still wants to conquer the world but they believe they have to understand the world first. For example, the first episode talks about Starbucks deciding to remove plastic straws by 2020 which was announced publicly by the company a week before the Eagle Talon episode aired. 
A collection of high school love stories, each chapter featuring a different student. For example, Hiro has a crush on a cute upperclassman girl, but she has rejected his advances 15 times! Will Hiro be able to find a way into her heart? His friend Akechi keeps a notebook of information on all the girls at school, but when he goes after the secrets of an incredibly quiet and shy girl, will his interest become more than professional curiosity? (Source: MangaHelpers)
Enjoy a Finnish sauna experience with Fin-tan through YouTube's 360° video.
Chugai Pharmaceutical's promotion anime bringing awareness to rheumatoid arthritis.
(No synopsis yet.)
An animated promotional video for Square Enix's mobile game Idol Fantasy. Within the game you the female manager Aoi Nishizono, and your job is to raise male idols to stardom in a heart-throbbing setting.
The animation And2 Girls is based on the five members of the virtual idol group And2girls. The story takes place after the era of Big Power Outages in which Shang Jing City has become an international metropolis due to energy reserves and development. Idols have also become recognized by everyone and sought after. Studying at Music&Art Private High School, the five girls encounter acquaintances and companions for their common purpose. They make unremitting efforts for the goal, boarding the summit of Star List through the match, to prove their strength! (Source: Guodong Subs)
NHN PlayArt and Nico Nico's #Compass [COMbat Providence AnalysiS System] smartphone game has been inspiring a series shorts in which TMS Entertainment is overseeing the production, but different staff members and studios are participating in the project. Each short highlights a different hero from the game. The shorts are posted to #Compass's official YouTube channel. (Source: ANN) 
(No synopsis yet.)
An advertisement for a photo and essay collection of Souma Saitou, a voice actor, with 3 years worth of content from his work for VOICE Newtype (a sister web magazine to Newtype dedicated to the seiyuu industry). The book will be titled Kenkou de Bunkateki na Saiteigendo no Seikatsu but has no relation to the manga and J-drama of the same name. The animation for the advertisement is done by illustrator Hiroyuki Ishii, who stated that this was the first time they animated a piece, as they normally product 2D illustrations and design work for Space Shower TV.
The main character of this show is a little red bean who dreams of being eaten.
A collaboration between Aware! Meisaku-kun and the general merchandise store company Ito-Yokado. It promotes the latter's randsell selection by starting the episode with the principal yelling at the kids as to why they're coming to school without backpacks. The web-commercial was posted to Aware! Meisaku-kun's official YouTube channel for a limited time and could be watched at the TV screens near the cash registers at each Ito-Yokado store a few days after.
Extra episodes of Killer Seven.
(No synopsis yet.)
Shen Jianxin is a security guard for Rye Scent Village, an average youth determined to become a legendary hero. While paying his respects at the prestigious Pure Yang Palace of Jianghu, he learned the palace’s ancestral secret manuals by accident. However, he was unaware of the power he gained. Thus, he entered Jianghu and gradually matured while experiencing the turmoil of Jianghu during the prosperous Tang Dynasty. An obscure security guard with unparalleled martial arts in Jianghu: who knows what storms are ahead? (Source: Guodong Subs)
An Aware! Meisaku-kun question & answer corner. These shorts are web-exclusives. Fans of the TV series can mail in their questions about the characters or past events in the show and select ones will be answered by the characters themselves through the web shorts.  It is recommended to view the web shorts after episode 93 of the TV series as a non-antagonistic Tsurukou is present to answer questions.
A Shinagawa ward tourism anime. The anime was made in honor of the 150th anniversary of the Meiji Restoration.  It stars Sakamoto Ryouma, a historical figure who took part in overthrowing the Tokugawa shogunate. He spent most of his youth in Shinagawa under the Tosa Clan residence and a statue of him was erected in his honor. He's considered a hero of Edo and worked as a cost guard/battery staff when Commodore Perry landed in Japan with black ships. Here, the anime has a young Ryouma encounter Kurofune-kun, a black ship chibi mascot, as they time slip to modern Shinagawa. Kurofune-kun shows him the sights and they meet other historical figures who time slipped. 
Yahoo!'s Kensaku to Enjin franchise gained a new character: Query. She wants to be an idol, loves fashion, and gets quite the motor mouth when angry. This short 2D animation debuts her on stage.
A series of animated commercials produced by Karrimor Japan to promote their Mountain Club line of hiking rucksacks and explain their various features.
Animated kamishibai-style Malta no Bouken episodes streamed on the official YouTube channel of the franchise.
An animated commercial for Kyoei Forging Works in Niigata prefecture is turning heads for its stunning visuals. The commercial casts the metal forging workshop and its employees as the makers of an advanced, transforming jet plane. The plane takes off into the vast blue sky to defeat an impending alien invasion. Kyoei Forging Works produces car and motorcycle parts, agricultural machinery parts, construction machinery parts, and other tools for the likes of John Deere, Mitsubishi Motors, Toyota, and more.  The commercial received televised broadcasts two months later. (Source: ANN)
Bundled with the 24th, 25th, and 26th volumes of the Shingeki no Kyojin manga. 
Bundled with the limited edition 10th volume of the Masamune-kun no Revenge manga.
Special episode bundled with the 9th volume of the manga based on Chapter 57-59.
Rohan Kishibe accompanies Kyouka Izumi, a manga magazine editor, to a buy house at a village far off from civilization. They soon discover the village is home to a group of millionaires who had all mysteriously become rich at the age of 25. Rohan and Izumi enter one of the houses, only to realize they they are trapped by a mysterious power that won't let them progress unless they follow specific rules lest they suffer the consequences. (Source: JoJo Wiki)
Bundled with the 11th, 12th, and 13th volumes of the Yuragi-sou no Yuuna-san manga. The first episode will adapt the manga's 12th chapter.
(No synopsis yet.)
Bundled with the 5th volume of the Kekkai Sensen: Back 2 Back manga. 
An all-boys boarding school deep in the mountains where love unfolds. Despite the brimming sexual desire, the overly awkward love story hooks you in! First-year Toono transfers from Tokyo to the all-boys boarding school deep in the mountains, "Mori Moori Private School." The friendly Yaguchi who calls out to him becomes his only friend, but his dislike of sports makes him join the most laid-back looking photography club instead of Yaguchi's soccer club. However, the photography club is in name only and is actually nicknamed the "Yarichin Bitch Club," filled with colorful seniors. In contrast to the troubled Toono, Kajima, who joined the club at the same time, is completely unphased and even slips a confession to Toono into the confusion. Toono himself thinks Yaguchi is cute, but Yaguchi finds himself blushing around Kajima and stuff happens. Furthermore, complications arise between the seniors… (Source: MAL News)
Bundled with the 15th volume of the Golden Kamuy manga. 
Bundled with the 21st and 22nd volumes, the OVAs adapt the Earth arc of the manga.
Bundled with the limited edition of the manga' 12th compiled volume.
(No synopsis yet.)
Tiny Evil is a story about a loli succubus summoned by a lonely unemployed man. 
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A 50th anniversary project.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Deku and All Might receive an invitation to I-Expo, the world’s leading exhibition of Quirk abilities and hero item innovations! Amid the excitement, sponsors, and pros from all over, Deku meets Melissa, a girl who is Quirkless just like he once was. Suddenly, I-Expo’s top-of-the-line security system gets hacked by villains, and a sinister plan is set in motion. It’s a serious threat to hero society, and one man holds the key to it all—the symbol of peace, All Might. (Source: Funimation)
The aloof protagonist: a bookworm who is deeply detached from the world he resides in. He has no interest in others and is firmly convinced that nobody has any interest in him either. His story begins when he stumbles across a handwritten book, titled "Living with Dying." He soon identifies it as a secret diary belonging to his popular, bubbly classmate Sakura Yamauchi. She then confides in him about the pancreatic disease she is suffering from and that her time left is finite. Only her family knows about her terminal illness; not even her best friends are aware. Despite this revelation, he shows zero sympathy for her plight, but caught in the waves of Sakura's persistent buoyancy, he eventually concedes to accompanying her for her remaining days. As the pair of polar opposites interact, their connection strengthens, interweaving through their choices made with each passing day. Her apparent nonchalance and unpredictability disrupts the protagonist's impassive flow of life, gradually opening his heart as he discovers and embraces the true meaning of living. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Seven Deadly Sins travel to a remote land in search of the phantom ingredient "sky fish." Meliodas and Hawk end up at a "Sky Palace" that exists above the clouds, where all the residents have wings. Meliodas is mistaken for a boy who committed a crime and is thrown in prison. Meanwhile, the residents are preparing a ceremony for defense against a ferocious beast that awakens once every 3,000 years. But the Six Knights of Black, a Demon Clan army, arrives and removes the seal on the beast in order to threaten the lives of the residents of Sky Palace. Meliodas and his allies meet the Six Knights of Black in battle. (Source: ANN)
Hidomi Hibajiri is a dissilusioned young girl who never takes off her headphones. Her whole life consists of going to school, helping out at her mother's cafe, and listening to music. And with nothing else to break the crippling monotony, she keeps her headphones on at all times. That is, until she is run over by a mysterious guitar-wielding woman. That same night, a robot barges into Hidomi’s room along with a boy from her class, Ko Ide, and the kids are chased around town together. They're saved by the guitar-wielding woman from before, but now Hidomi's got a horn growing from her forehead? Who knows where these robots are coming from, what kind of vespa woman this weird guitar woman is warning her about, or what this thing on her forehead is, but it doesn't look like Hidomi is going to be able to ignore all this with headphones! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Life seems to drift by for Kana Koumoto and her friends in their small Japanese town. Every day is just like the last, and it feels like every new day will be the same. Kana goes to school, hangs out with her friends, and likes to paint her nails and listen to music, but it feels like nothing special is ever going to happen.  As a change of pace, Kana and her friends decide to design a bottle rocket and launch it into space, even though it might not get there at all. However, just when the rocket is completed, a robot suddenly crashes into and destroys it, shortly followed by a pink-haired woman claiming to be a "Galactic Investigator." Kana's life quickly becomes more exciting than she ever imagined, dealing with new feelings, changing friends, and even boy troubles. It turns out life can go by in the blink of an eye, fast enough to even miss it, so what's with these weird robots that seem to show up at the worst times?! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Lately, the stress of having to constantly keep his destructive power under control is causing the Red King Mikoto Suoh to become unstable. Meanwhile, Reisi Munakata is chosen by the Dresden Slate to become the new Blue King. (Source: TubiTV)
Told in three chapters in three cities, Shikioriori explores the simple joys of life through sensual memories and how the beating heart of love cannot be defeated by the flow of time. Memories in a bowl of steaming noodles, a fading beauty finding her way and a bittersweet first love—all in these stories of city life in China.
In a quiet corner of the city, four-year-old Kun Oota has lived a spoiled life as an only child with his parents and the family dog, Yukko. But when his new baby sister Mirai is brought home, his simple life is thrown upside-down; suddenly, it isn't all about him anymore. Despite his tantrums and nagging, Mirai is seemingly now the subject of all his parents' love. To help him adapt to this drastic change, Kun is taken on an extraordinary journey through time, meeting his family's past, present, and future selves, as he learns not only what it means to be a part of a family, but also what it means to be an older brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Summer vacation is drawing to an end. When Suguru wins a free trip to Okinawa, all of the five students of Asahigaoka branch school are excited to end their vacation with a bang. Along with Hikage, Konomi, and their teacher and the candy store owner, everyone goes to Okinawa for a fun three-day trip. There, Natsumi makes friends with Aoi, the girl who helps out at the hotel they stay in. (Source: ANN)
Ever since he was little, Takashi Natsume has been able to see what others could not, namely monstrous spirits known as Yokai. Natsume's late grandmother, Reiko, would challenge Yokai to contests and the ones that lost had to sign a contract with her, binding their names to her "Yujin-cho." Ever since Natsume has inherited the book, together with Nyanko Sensei, his self-proclaimed bodyguard, he spends his days trying to return the names within the book to their owners. Natsume has been busy, navigating between humans and Yokai when he coincidentally reunites with an old classmate, Yuki. It brings back painful memories of a certain Yokai. Meanwhile, Natsume also became acquainted with Yorie Tsumura, a woman in the memories of a Yokai whose name he had returned. Yorie knew much about Reiko, but now lived a peaceful life with her only son, Mukuo. Being with this family was comforting for Natsume, but apparently a mysterious Yokai has been lurking in their town. On the way back from investigating, a "Yokai seed" that had latched itself to Nyanko Sensei drops into the Fujiwaras' garden and grows overnight into a fruit tree. When Nyanko Sensei eats a fruit that is somehow shaped like himself, he suddenly splits into three! (Source: Aniplex USA)
Schoolboy Aoyama is bright, inquisitive and a bit headstrong. He has a lot of brainwork to get busy with – after all, he'll be an adult in just a few thousand days. For the moment, though, he'll have to live life as a fourth-grader. Not that it's a bad life. Summer has arrived and school's nearly out. He has a crush on an intriguing older woman he's met at his dentist's office, who's coaching him in his chess game. And a colony of penguins has materialized in the middle of Aoyama's sleepy little town. Where on Earth – or elsewhere – did these waddling interlopers come from? Aoyama and his friends embark on a research mission, applying rigorous scientific methods and principles. Their discoveries, however, only lead to ever more puzzling wonders... (Source: Fantasia)
Gouki Zenjo, former right-hand man to Jin Habari and a survivor of the Kagutsu Incident, returns to work for SCEPTER 4, now under the command of Reisi Munakata, the new Blue King. (Source: TubiTV)
Ash and Pikachu embark on a new journey to Fula City where the yearly Wind Festival takes place. There they meet new trainers and friends in order to later help save the city along with the mythical pokemon Zeraora. 
Sukuna Gojo is a boy who ran away from his wealthy home after becoming disgusted by his controlling parents. Since then, he's been surviving alone on the streets using an SNS app called JUNGLE, which grants its user unnatural power and abilities. (Source: TubiTV)
The all-consuming sense of scale of "evangelion: Another Impact (Confidential)", which was released in the 2015 Japan Anima(tor)'s Exhibition, gets retouched upon in all new short VR movie. ​Another time, another place. An activation test of a decisive weapon was underway. With its development and operational trials shrouded in complete secrecy, the Another Number - Unit Null, suddenly breaks free of human control and goes berserk. ​For what purpose was Another Number - Unit Null created? ​The story of an Evangelion's activation, rampage and howling in another world...  (Source: Official Site)
A series of side stories of Donten ni Warau series. Some of the stories take place before and some after the end of the main series.
Modest Heroes will consist of three shorts by three different directors: "Kanini & Kanino" ("Kani no Kanino") by Hiromasa Yonebayashi will be a 15-minute fantasy adventure story of two crab siblings, and will be long. "Life Ain't Gonna Lose" ("Samurai Egg") by Yoshiyuki Momose will be a 15-minute "human drama" showing the love between a mother and a boy. "Invisible" ("Tōmei Ningen") by Akihiko Yamashita will be a 14-minute "action spectacle" that centers on the lonely struggle of one invisible man. Studio Ponoc describes the shorts as "tales of modest heroes of our times."  (Source: ANN)
Shorts featuring the characters reimagined as idols.
After losing her parents in a car accident, Okko goes to live in the countryside with her grandmother, who runs a traditional Japanese inn built on top of an ancient spring said to have healing waters. While she goes about her chores and prepares to become the inn's next caretaker, Okko discovers there are ghosts who live there that only she can see – not scary ghosts, but playful child ghosts who keep her company and help her feel less lonely. A sign outside says the spring welcomes all and will reject none, and this is soon put to the test as a string of new guests challenge Okko's ability to be a gracious host. But ultimately Okko discovers that dedicating herself to the happiness of others becomes the key to taking care of herself. (Source: Animation is Film Festival)
The story begins in the early Showa era of the 20th century. A mysterious old man on a train relates the disappearance of his older brother three decades ago, near the 12-story Ryounkaku tower that once stood in the seaside town of Uozu, Japan. The mystery revolves around telescopes, peep shows, and the blurred boundary between reality and dreams.  (Source: ANN) 
Life could be better for shy, anxious university student Rin. The apartment she has rented is hardly the sunny palace the rental listings suggested. The housing complex is rundown, grim and haunted by troubled souls lurking in dark corners. Ghastly crimes are occurring in the vicinity. And a grinning stranger makes his unsettling presence known. Beyond all this, Rin is coming to realize that something even more sinister is manifesting itself, something at the cursed crossroads of mythology, monstrosity and medical science. Determined to find out more, Rin visits the library, where she meets a sympathetic young staffer. But what she learns does not begin to put her mind at ease. (Source: Fantasia)
In an alternate take of the final battle of episode 7 of Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn, Banagher Links in the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam Perfectibility sorties from the Nahel Argama to confront Full Frontal in his NZ-999 Neo Zeong. Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn Perfectibility is a short WALL-G movie projected alongside The Life-Sized Unicorn Gundam Statue at Diver City Tokyo Plaza’s Festival Plaza in Odaiba, Tokyo. (Source: Gundam Wiki)
The first short VR work of the popular TV anime Osomatsu-san. An immersive VR experience of the everyday lives of sextuplets. The setting is the bathhouse that fans know and love. The same all-star lineup of voice actors as the TV anime talk to you, a player in the VR world. It seems that only you have the supernatural powers to grant the wishes of each of the sextuplets. What is it that the sextuplets want? And can you indeed fulfill their wishes...? (Source: Official Site)
Under the scorching summer sun, the chirping of cicadas can be heard at a school building. A young girl is crouching down with her back turned to you. The girl notices you there, stands up, and starts talking to you. "Ever since that summer, I've been waiting for you..." The truth about "that summer" slowly becomes clear as she speaks. The person I wanted to see was the person I must not see... An original short work created for VR. The theme song, "Having Summer Again," is by the three-piece band Kerakera (Universal Music Japan), which is quickly gaining popularity. (Source: Official Site)
A Gegege no Kitarou VR/3D film by Toei Animation in collaboration with Dynamo Pictures (Dynapix) in honor of Toei's 50th anniversary with the franchise. In the first film you end up in the youkai world due to okuribi, giant bonfires that signify when the spirits return to the spirit world at the end of Obon. In the second film you the viewer gets lost in the youkai world and try to find your way home guided by Medama Oyaji. The films were viewable at various expos and film festivals. For March 2019 they will have a wider release at theaters that support VR technology (eg. the Lina World amusement park in Yamagata). The films are said to be compatible with the Lenovo Mirage Solo with Daydream standalone VR headset and will be accessible/rentable to those with such devices sometimes in autumn 2019.
Humanity has grown a taste for zombies. Stewed, sautéed, or squeezed. In an alternate world, the Japanese corporation Flesh Inc. has managed to create zombies on domestic soil during the roaring Sixties (the years of the economic boom) using voodoo techniques imported from Africa, and it has built a fortune thereafter by selling zombie products of all kind: instant noodles, soft drinks, hamburgers, pet food, and cosmetics. But when a trio of self-centered millennials on their first workday get trapped inside a fully automated zombie farm with their old-school technotard supervisor and a horde of undead running amok, overcoming generation gaps becomes a matter of survival. (Source: Production I.G)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the elementary and middle schooler's grand prix winning work titled Saigo no Mori from the Hokuto City Scenario competition. The film premiered at the Hokuto Film Festival and is directed by Decovocal.
Unaired episode included with volume 4 of the Bluray/DVD release.
The special will be the first in the "Episode of" series to cover the Skypeia arc, and will feature a character who did not appear in the original Skypeia arc from the anime. (Source: ANN)
Shorts included with the Blu-ray releases. 
Special episode bundled with the 7th Blu-ray volume.
A summary of One Room's first 4 episodes aired as a prequel to the second season.
The official website for the Pop Team Epic anime announced on Monday that the series' Bobunemimimmi (Bob Epic Team) segments will be compiled into a standalone Blu-ray Disc release. The release will include all 22 previously released segments by the production team AC-bu, plus two new segments, a "high speed kamishibai (paper theater) collection" of the "Hellshake Yano" segment, and original stickers. (Source: ANN)
The opening movie/promotional video to the Koutetsujou no Kabaneri: Ran - Hajimaru Michiato mobile game released in December, 2018.
A Daiichi (pachinko company) x Osomatsu-san fan event will be held on August 2nd. Character goods, attractions, mascots, and a mini-anime where the cast recreates classic Japanese tales. In particular: Tsuru no Ongaeshi, Urashima Tarou, Kaguya-hime, Saru Kani Gassen, Kintarou, and Momotarou.
Special included with Blu-ray volume of Cinderella Girls Gekijou 3rd Season.
Specials included in the DVD and Blu-ray Volumes of Senjuushi.
Specials released with the Macross Δ Movie: Gekijou no Walküre Blu-ray.
Included with the Blu-ray and DVD release of Shinya! Tensai Bakabon. 
(No synopsis yet.)
An animated television advertisement for Sofy brand soft tampons. A woman has a long road trip ahead of her with her friends and the product helps her stay leak-proof when she doesn't have the ability to frequently stop at the restroom.
A collaboration between Tanuki to Kitsune and Touyou Suisan's Maruchan instant noodle line Akai Kitsune (udon with abura-age) and Midori no Tanuki (soba with ten-kasu) and 7Eleven. Where if people by two instant noodles at 7Eleven they can receive 1 of 4 Tanuki to Kitsune mini-manga.
