The Great War finally came to an end after four long years of conflict; fractured in two, the continent of Telesis slowly began to flourish once again. Caught up in the bloodshed was Violet Evergarden, a young girl raised for the sole purpose of decimating enemy lines. Hospitalized and maimed in a bloody skirmish during the War's final leg, she was left with only words from the person she held dearest, but with no understanding of their meaning. Recovering from her wounds, Violet starts a new life working at CH Postal Services after a falling out with her new intended guardian family. There, she witnesses by pure chance the work of an "Auto Memory Doll," amanuenses that transcribe people's thoughts and feelings into words on paper. Moved by the notion, Violet begins work as an Auto Memory Doll, a trade that will take her on an adventure, one that will reshape the lives of her clients and hopefully lead to self-discovery. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the distant future, humanity has been driven to near-extinction by giant beasts known as Klaxosaurs, forcing the surviving humans to take refuge in massive fortress cities called Plantations. Children raised here are trained to pilot giant mechas known as FranXX—the only weapons known to be effective against the Klaxosaurs—in boy-girl pairs. Bred for the sole purpose of piloting these machines, these children know nothing of the outside world and are only able to prove their existence by defending their race.  Hiro, an aspiring FranXX pilot, has lost his motivation and self-confidence after failing an aptitude test. Skipping out on his class' graduation ceremony, Hiro retreats to a forest lake, where he encounters a mysterious girl with two horns growing out of her head. She introduces herself by her codename Zero Two, which is known to belong to an infamous FranXX pilot known as the "Partner Killer." Before Hiro can digest the encounter, the Plantation is rocked by a sudden Klaxosaur attack. Zero Two engages the creature in her FranXX, but it is heavily damaged in the skirmish and crashes near Hiro. Finding her partner dead, Zero Two invites Hiro to pilot the mecha with her, and the duo easily defeats the Klaxosaur in the ensuing fight. With a new partner by his side, Hiro has been given a chance at redemption for his past failures, but at what cost? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The fierce battle between Meliodas, the captain of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the Great Holy Knight Hendrickson has devastating consequences. Armed with the fragments necessary for the revival of the Demon Clan, Hendrickson breaks the seal, allowing the Commandments to escape, all of whom are mighty warriors working directly under the Demon King himself. Through a mysterious connection, Meliodas instantly identifies them; likewise, the 10 Commandments, too, seem to sense his presence. As the demons leave a path of destruction in their wake, the Seven Deadly Sins must find a way to stop them before the Demon Clan drowns Britannia in blood and terror. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ainz Ooal Gown, the undead sorcerer formerly known as Momonga, has accepted his place in this new world. Though it bears similarities to his beloved virtual reality game Yggdrasil, it still holds many mysteries which he intends to uncover, by utilizing his power as ruler of the Great Tomb of Nazarick. However, ever since the disastrous brainwashing of one of his subordinates, Ainz has become wary of the impending dangers of the Slane Theocracy, as well as the possible existence of other former Yggdrasil players. Meanwhile, Albedo, Demiurge and the rest of Ainz's loyal guardians set out to prepare for the next step in their campaign: Nazarick's first war… Overlord II picks up immediately after its prequel, continuing the story of Ainz Ooal Gown, his eclectic army of human-hating guardians, and the many hapless humans affected by the Overlord's arrival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
During the summer of her freshman year of high school, Yuzu Aihara's mother remarried, forcing her to transfer to a new school. To a fashionable socialite like Yuzu, this inconvenient event is just another opportunity to make new friends, fall in love, and finally experience a first kiss. Unfortunately, Yuzu's dreams and style do not conform with her new ultrastrict, all-girls school, filled with obedient shut-ins and overachieving grade-skippers. Her gaudy appearance manages to grab the attention of Mei Aihara, the beautiful and imposing student council president, who immediately proceeds to sensually caress Yuzu's body in an effort to confiscate her cellphone. Thoroughly exhausted from her first day, Yuzu arrives home and discovers a shocking truth—Mei is actually her new step-sister! Though Yuzu initially tries to be friendly with her, Mei's cold shoulder routine forces Yuzu to begin teasing her. But before Yuzu can finish her sentence, Mei forces her to the ground and kisses her, with Yuzu desperately trying to break free. Once done, Mei storms out of the room, leaving Yuzu to ponder the true nature of her first kiss, and the secrets behind the tortured expression in the eyes of her new sister. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ichirou Suzuki, a programmer nearing his thirties, is drowning in work. Worn out, he eventually has a chance to catch up on sleep, only to wake up and discover himself in a fantasy RPG world, which is mashed together from the games he was debugging in reality. In this new place, he realizes that not only has his appearance changed to a younger version of himself, but his name has also changed to Satou, a nickname he used while running beta tests on games.  However, before Satou can fully grasp his situation, an army of lizardmen launch an assault on him. Forced to cast a powerful spell in retaliation, Satou wipes them out completely and his level is boosted to 310, effectively maximizing his stats. Now, as a high-leveled adventurer armed with a plethora of skills and no way to return to reality, Satou sets out to explore this magical new world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Filled with an overwhelming sense of wonder for the world around her, Mari Tamaki has always dreamt of what lies beyond the reaches of the universe. However, despite harboring such large aspirations on the inside, her fear of the unknown and anxiety over her own possible limitations have always held her back from chasing them. But now, in her second year of high school, Mari is more determined than ever to not let any more of her youth go to waste. Still, her fear continues to prevent her from taking that ambitious step forward—that is, until she has a chance encounter with a girl who has grand dreams of her own. Spurred by her mother's disappearance, Shirase Kobuchizawa has been working hard to fund her trip to Antarctica. Despite facing doubt and ridicule from virtually everyone, Shirase is determined to embark on this expedition to search for her mother in a place further than the universe itself. Inspired by Shirase's resolve, Mari jumps at the chance to join her. Soon, their efforts attract the attention of the bubbly Hinata Miyake, who is eager to stand out, and Yuzuki Shiraishi, a polite girl from a high class background. Together, they set sail toward the frozen south. Sora yori mo Tooi Basho follows the captivating journey of four spirited girls, all in search of something great. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Having a friend that knows you inside out should be a good thing, but in Nishikata's case, the opposite is true. His classmate Takagi loves to tease him on a daily basis, and she uses her extensive knowledge of his behavior to predict exactly how he will react to her teasing, making it nearly impossible for Nishikata to ever make a successful comeback. Despite this, Nishikata vows to someday give Takagi a taste of her own medicine by making her blush out of embarrassment from his teasing. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While the perfect getaway for most girls her age might be a fancy vacation with their loved ones, Rin Shima's ideal way of spending her days off is camping alone at the base of Mount Fuji. From pitching her tent to gathering firewood, she has always done everything by herself, and has no plans of leaving her little solitary world. However, what starts off as one of Rin's usual camping sessions somehow ends up as a surprise get-together for two when the lost Nadeshiko Kagamihara is forced to take refuge at her campsite. Originally intending to see the picturesque view of Mount Fuji for herself, Nadeshiko's plans are disrupted when she ends up falling asleep partway to her destination. Alone and with no other choice, she seeks help from the only other person nearby. Despite their hasty introductions, the two girls nevertheless enjoy the chilly night together, eating ramen and conversing while the campfire keeps them warm. And even after Nadeshiko's sister finally picks her up later that night, both girls silently ponder the possibility of another camping trip together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The disastrous life of the gifted psychic Kusuo Saiki continues, despite his utmost effort to live an ordinary life. Although he has certainly grown accustomed to dealing with his troublesome friends—who are his biggest hurdle to achieving a peaceful life—he still has a long way to go. Also joining the usual oddballs are a few new faces whose shenanigans add to Saiki's misery, making his dreams of a hassle-free life a distant fantasy. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Akira Tachibana, a reserved high school student and former track runner, has not been able to race the same as she used to since she experienced a severe foot injury. And although she is regarded as attractive by her classmates, she is not interested in the boys around school. While working part-time at the Garden Cafe, Akira begins to develop feelings for the manager—a 45-year-old man named Masami Kondou—despite the large age gap. Kondou shows genuine concern and kindness toward the customers of his restaurant, which, while viewed by others as soft or weak, draws Akira to him. Spending time together at the restaurant, they grow closer, which only strengthens her feelings. Weighed down by these uncertain emotions, Akira finally resolves to confess, but what will be the result? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The continent of Atlatan once again finds itself devoured by the flames of war after a horrific event known as the Great Hall Tragedy. What was supposed to be a joyful occasion that would establish peace between the Fantasia Union and the Factory Alliance, the marriage of Sir Alexis Douse and Lady Marrine Kreische, was instead a tragedy. As the bride and groom walked down the aisle, the ceremony was suddenly interrupted by a powerful convergence of "Chaos," a dark energy from another dimension that corrupts the land and brings forth monsters and demons into the world. From within that energy appeared the Demon Lord of Diabolos, an evil being who instantly murdered the archdukes of both factions, shattering any hope for peace between them.  Having failed to prevent this disaster, Siluca Meletes, an Alliance mage, is traveling through the Chaos-infested countryside to study under a master magician. When she is intercepted by a group of soldiers working with the Federation, Siluca is rescued by Theo Cornaro, a young warrior carrying a mysterious "Crest," a magical symbol that gives its wielder the ability to banish Chaos. Bearing no allegiance to a specific domain, Theo hopes to attain the rank of Lord so that he can liberate his home town of Sistina from its tyrannical ruler and the Chaos spreading within it. Impressed by his noble goal, Siluca enters into a magical contract with Theo, and the two embark on a journey to restore balance to their war-torn land. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Poputepipikku turns absurdist comedy up to eleven with its pop culture references and surreal hilarity. With two bonafide high school girl protagonists—the short and exceptionally quick to anger Popuko, and the tall and unshakably calm Pipimi—they throw genres against the wall and don't wait to see what sticks. Parody is interlaced with drama, action, crudeness, and the show's overarching goal—to become a real anime. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Having failed 19 job interviews in one day, Juri Yukawa's dreams of moving out of her parents' home are utterly dashed. Stuck living with her working mother Nobuko, NEET brother Tsubasa, laid-off father Takafumi, and single-parent sister Sanae, the only hope for this family to raise a decent adult is her little nephew Makoto. However, this struggling family's life takes a turn for the worse when Makoto and Tsubasa are violently kidnapped by a mysterious organization and held for ransom. With only 30 minutes to deliver five million yen to the criminals, Juri's grandfather reveals a dangerously powerful secret to her and Takafumi. By offering blood to her grandfather's mystical stone, the three enter the world of "Stasis," a version of their world where time stops for everyone but the users. Having arrived at their destination, their rescue efforts go awry when they are assailed by a surprising group of people who are somehow able to move around within Stasis. While all hope seems lost, a monstrous giant known only as the Herald appears amidst the chaos, its intent and motivations as cryptic as the very nature of this timeless world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With great advancements in technology, mankind has created hIEs, human-like robots that act as public and personal servants for society. Unlike many others, the kind-hearted high school student Arato Endou treats hIEs as equals, but his financial situation keeps him from ever owning one. However, his normal life is shattered when an ordinary run to the local grocery store goes horribly awry. Viciously assaulted by a hacked hIE, Arato is on the verge of death; but luckily, he is saved by an abnormal hIE carrying a weaponized coffin. Her name is Lacia, one of five highly advanced hIEs that recently escaped the clutches of the mysterious MemeFrame Corporation. Faced with a hacked car threatening to run them over, Lacia offers Arato a deal: in exchange for saving his life, he must register as her new owner, thus taking full responsibility for her actions. With little choice, he decides to trust this artificial girl and allows her to live in his home. Though Lacia begins to adapt to her new, peaceful lifestyle, she warns the entranced Arato of one thing—she does not have a soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A technological hell masquerading as paradise, Tsukimihara Academy is an artificial high school that serves as the setting for the next Holy Grail War. Created by the Moon Cell computer, the school is inhabited by Earth-projected souls who have even the slightest aptitude for being a "Master." Of these 256 souls, 128 will be chosen for the main tournament and granted a Servant. With all of the Masters selected, the Academy activates a purge, targeting the remaining lifeforms for elimination. Awakening in a pool of his own blood, Hakuno Kishinami refuses to die. Fueled by unknown feelings of hatred, he vows to fight for survival. As he struggles to escape from a relentless pursuer, he finds a crimson blade plunged into the ground; and by pulling it out, Hakuno summons his own Servant, Saber, who instantly destroys his pursuer in a flurry of rose petals. With his newfound power, Hakuno must now begin his journey to Moon Cell's core, the Angelica Cage. There, he will unveil the reason for this artificial world and the secrets of his own blood-soaked past. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
After unknowingly participating in a kidnapping, college student Yuuya Nomoto finds his friends brutally murdered by Hitomi Uzaki, the high school girl they attempted to abduct. Forced to drive her to an undisclosed location, he finds himself being wagered as the prize for a death match between two Therianthropes, superpowered human-animal hybrids created through advanced gene therapy. As one of these hybrids, Hitomi uses the speed and fearlessness she gained from her ratel genes to viciously dispatch her foe and save Yuuya from certain death. Waking up hours later hoping the whole event was only a nightmare, Yuuya realizes that he has become embroiled in a secret proxy war between four large Japanese business conglomerates, with the winner taking control of the economy. As her sole albeit unwilling investor, his life is now directly linked to Hitomi's ability to participate in underground bloodsport matches known only as Killing Bites. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Although the city of Fukuoka might look relatively peaceful at first glance, in actuality it houses a thriving mixture of dangerous individuals such as killers, detectives, and professional revenge seekers right beneath its surface. Among their number is Zenji Banba, a laidback and observant detective who is investigating the work of other hitmen companies in the area. However, Banba might not be the only one with a bone to pick with these organizations, as Xianming Lin, a crossdressing male hitman in the employ of one such company begins getting fed up with his lack of jobs and pay. One day, after Lin's current target commits suicide before the hitman could reach him, his company refuses to pay him even half the amount they were originally supposed to for the assassination. Frustrated, Lin requests another mission and is offered the job of taking out Banba, whom his organization believes has been interfering with their business. However, when Banba arrives at his home and finds the hitman inside, Lin surprisingly doesn't even attempt to kill him. Instead, he offers the detective another option: to join him and form a team. With the offer on the table, exactly how will Banba respond, and just what plans does Lin have in store for the underground world of Fukuoka? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The story is about a teenage boy who happens to be a shougi master. One day, a nine-year-old girl turns up at his house, requesting to be taken as his disciple. From there, all kinds of wacky hijinks ensue. (Source: ANN, edited)
After losing both parents in a fatal plane crash, teenager Ryuuichi Kashima must adjust to his new life as the guardian of his younger brother Kotarou. Although Ryuuichi is able to maintain a friendly and kindhearted demeanor, Kotarou is a reserved toddler still too young to understand the reality of the situation. At their parents' funeral, they are approached by Youko Morinomiya, the stern chairman of an elite academy, who decides to take them under her care.  However, there is one condition Ryuuichi must fulfill in exchange for a roof over their heads and enrolment in the school—he must become the school's babysitter. In an effort to support the female teachers at the academy, a babysitter's club was established to look after their infant children; unfortunately, the club is severely short-staffed, so now not only is Ryuuichi responsible for his little brother, but also a handful of toddlers who possess dynamic personalities. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second season of Dagashi Kashi.
With all of the Clow Cards recaptured and changed into her own Sakura Cards, Sakura Kinomoto now enters her first year at Tomoeda Middle School. After her initial day of classes, Sakura reunites with her love Shaoran Li, who informs her that he is permanently moving back to Tomoeda. Much to her surprise, it even turns out that Shaoran will attend the same school and it seems as if Sakura's life is heading in all the right directions. However, when Sakura goes to sleep, she encounters in her dream a mysterious cloaked figure and finds herself surrounded by transparent cards. Waking up in fear, Sakura is shocked to see her dream has come true, with the Sakura Cards having turned clear. Continued dreamlike encounters with the unknown enemy and her gaining a new magical key sets the stage for Cardcaptor Sakura's latest adventure! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
First Season of the final arc of Gintama.
In the light of day and in the dead of night, mysterious horrors await in the darkest shadows of every corner. They are unexplainable, inescapable, and undefeatable. Be prepared, or you may become their next victim. Sit back in terror as traumatizing tales of unparalleled terror unfold. Tales, such as that of a cursed jade carving that opens holes all over its victims' bodies; deep nightmares that span decades; an attractive spirit at a misty crossroad that grants cursed advice; and a slug that grows inside a girl's mouth. Tread carefully, for the horrifying supernatural tales of the Itou Junji: Collection are not for the faint of heart. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
High school student Sora Kashiwagi is accustomed to receiving bizarre presents from his father, who is on an expedition around the world. Unfortunately, these gifts have been nothing but nightmares. As a result, when his father sends him a huge package from Egypt, Sora prepares himself for the worst, only to be greeted by Mii-kun—a cute, pint-sized mummy! While initially wary, Sora soon learns that Mii-kun is harmless, a delicate creature yearning for attention. Throughout their amusing day-to-day lives, the unlikely pair meet other people with unique pets, while also strengthening their bond together. Although keeping a pet is a difficult task, Sora is set on caring for the lovable Mii-kun. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The "Colors" are three cute little girls who hang out together and protect the peace of their city. They have lots of fun together, doing stuff like playing games, solving puzzles, and going to the zoo. This anime follows their largely happy daily life. (Source: MangaHelpers, edited)
Throughout history, an elite group of shrine maidens known as "Toji" have saved the world from "Aratama," strange and malevolent beings bent on destroying humanity. In modern times, these warriors have been assigned to a special police squad to exterminate Aratama. The government has also set up five elite schools across the country to provide young girls the necessary sword fighting skills to eradicate these monsters and eventually join their fellow Toji in protecting the world. A student of one of those five schools, Kanami Etou is chosen to represent Minoseki Academy in a sword fighting tournament, where she meets the mysterious Hiyori Juujou. Although Kanami and Hiyori rise to the top of the tournament, their battle takes an unexpected turn, throwing the world of the Toji into chaos. Likely that the Toji are facing betrayal from within, the two are forced to flee the tournament, clashing with former comrades on the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hana Ichinose, a 17-year-old high school student who is not only introverted, but also insecure and timid, has just moved and will be attending a new school. To make her situation more difficult, Hana is a "slow start," which means that she missed a year and worries about attending a class where everyone is younger than her. During her introduction, the teacher reveals it is Hana's birthday, which gives her the jumping-off point to meet three of her classmates: Tamate Momochi, a charismatic and extroverted girl; Kanmuri Sengoku, who is shy and small; and the popular and pretty Eiko Tokura. Not wanting to lose the chance to make new friends, Hana's interactions with these three mark the beginning of some beautiful relationships that will change her life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
From standing in the sun for hours to traveling miles away from home, gorgeous high school student Koizumi stops at nothing to fulfill her desire for ramen. But these previously solo trips soon change when Koizumi's classmate Yuu Oosawa develops an infatuation with her, and begins to join Koizumi uninvitedly on her adventures. As Yuu continues to be shocked by Koizumi's enormous appetite, she learns about the endless variety of ramen from, arguably, its greatest connoisseur ever!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nine centimeters (3.5 inches) tall, tiny girls Hakumei and Mikochi live in the forest. Living in a tiny house in a tree, riding insects and birds, and making umbrellas out of leaves, these tiny girls live a tiny life. Follow their tiny but lovely lives as they live their day-to-day in a fantastic world of tiny people and gods. (Source: MangaHelpers)
At Shinryou Private Academy—an expensive school for wealthy students—one would never expect to find the poverty-stricken Suigin Riku. When he is not working on one of his many part-time jobs to pay his tuition, he can often be found playing the RPG game Dungeon Century, where he has cultivated a relationship with an online friend. However, when Dungeon Century shuts down, he finds out that his crush, the kind-hearted Rei Riku, and his online friend are the same person.  But in the aftermath of this revelation, Rei gets kidnapped and taken into Grave Buster, which is a new online game from the creators of Dungeon Century, forcing Suigin to enter the harsh new world of a pay-to-win game in order to save her. Gin no Guardian 2nd Season continues Suigin's quest to rescue Rei, while attempting to solve the mysteries of this strange game. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Hazuki Kagimura is a socially awkward girl with no friends; and having been recently adopted, she struggles to connect with her new family as well. Her only refuge from this painful reality is between the pages of stories where her vivid imagination allows her to live out her dreams of friendship and adventure. However, one day, an old and mysterious text appears in her book bag. On her way back to the library to return it, Hazuki sees a familiar girl who is seemingly invisible to everyone but her. Deciding to follow her, Hazuki is led a hidden library where a world she thought only existed in her dreams awaits her.  Märchen Mädchen tells the story of Hazuki's meeting with Shizuka Tsuchimikado, her very first friend, and discovering she has been chosen by the original print of Cinderella to become a powerful mage known as an Origin Master. Hazuki enrolls at Kuzunoha Girl's Magic Academy where she learns to conquer her fears and believe in her ability to create her own amazing story. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
20-year-old Michiru Amatsuki moved to Tokyo due to a change of career. She decided to live in a woman-only share house Stella House Haruno with people of different age and occupations. It's always fun when there's delicious alcohol and meal!! (Source: TBS Global Business)
Set in the same timeline as Sin: Nanatsu no Taizai, Nanatsu no Bitoku follows a group of angels sent from Heaven to look for a potential "Savior" to counter-attack the demonic influence being spread by Lucifer and the other emissaries of Hell. (Source: Tokyo Zerostar)
Fourth season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.
Kouta Hasegawa is a completely normal high school student who likes his Pompompurin stuffed animal, a Sanrio character modelled after a Golden Retriever, which his grandmother gave him when he was young. However, an incident in which other kids accused him of being girly for liking Sanrio characters made him ashamed of his attachment to Pompompurin.  Through a series of unexpected events, Kouta ends up meeting others at school who also like Sanrio characters—Yuu Mizuno, a flashy boy who is popular with girls; Shunsuke Yoshino, a member of the soccer team; Ryou Nishimiya, an underclassman who is a library assistant; and Seiichirou Minamoto, the student council president. Through his new friends, Kouta learns that there is no need to be embarrassed for liking Sanrio characters; and together, they aim to create a play for the cultural festival in order to transform his normal school life into a sparkly one. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It has been 10 years since the war between the Iga and Kouga ninja clans came to an end. The two groups have since made peace, supposedly dispelling the animosity that once existed between them. Hachirou Kouga and Hibiki Iga, the successors of their respective bloodlines, seem to have the perfect conditions for their love to bloom, but not everyone is satisfied with the results of the age-old battle. Different tales of the final showdown between Gennosuke Kouga and Oboro Iga have spread, leaving Tadanaga Tokugawa—whom the Kouga represented—dissatisfied. As tension between the two clans rises once again, the brewing political climate threatens to keep the two fated lovers apart, just as it had in the previous generation.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Once most students are done with high school, they leave and never come back. However, at 25 years old, Hana Natori finds herself in the role of a student once more at her aunt's request.  Since Hana's cousin, Kaho Miyoshi, refuses to go to school, her aunt begs Hana to take Kaho's place, since the two of them are practically identical. But as luck would have it, she is recognized by Okito Kanie—an old classmate from her days in high school—who is now a teacher! With her cover blown, Hana assumes Kanie will expose her secret. But when he suddenly kisses her, she soon learns he has other ideas. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Working at an agency owned by your father, seven new idols await. They are all part of an idol unit IDOLiSH7, and each of them have unique personalities. It is your task to manage them. In order to achieve the same goals, as manager and idols together, you gather the seven ununified hearts and aim for the top. (Source: MAL News)
Sequel of Touken Ranbu: Hanamaru.
In this new season, we will discover the backstory of Tanmoki and who will learn through his memories who was his ancestor Rakugetsu. (Source: ANN)
The story follows Ani, a princess from the minor nation of Inako. Ani is sent to the signing ceremony that will bring peace to the rival nations of Mildonia, a mighty military country, and Selenfaren, a powerful theocracy. Ani is supposed to help steer the signing ceremony along, but she runs into trouble when she encounters a handful of obstinate princes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
When his clan is wiped out by a beautiful demon, young Taikobo finds himself in charge of the mysterious Houshin Project. Its mission: find all immortals living in the human world and seal them away forever. But who do you trust—and whose side are you really on—when you've been trained to hunt demons by a demon? (Source: VIZ Media)
Nono Hana is an 8th grade student who wants to be a stylish and mature big sister like figure. She always puts on a lovely smile and loves to search for exciting things. One day, Hana meets a baby named Hug-tan and her guardian fairy named Harry who had fallen from the sky. At that exact moment, an evil organization called Dark Tomorrow suddenly appeared! They're trying to forcefully take Hug-tan's Mirai Crystal! In order to protect Hug-tan, Hana wishes to do something to help her, and her wish is granted, as she gains a Mirai Crystal and transforms into Cure Yell. The world is overflowed with Tomorrow Powerer, which is the power to create a brilliant tomorrow, which is crystallized into the Mirai Crystals. If it's stolen, everyone's future will not exist. To protect Hug-tan and everyone's future, Cure Yell will do her best! (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki)
The cute and mysterious cat-like creatures called Mitchiri Neko that seem to gather around each other if you leave them alone now get their own anime with a glorious voice cast! The free and happy-go- lucky Mitchiri Neko’s daily life is filled fluff and surreal laughs! Say it with me, "Mitchiri! Mitchiri!" (Source: Crunchyroll)
The story centers around the cheerful calico Tapio Chatorazawa and the pessimistic Russian blue Kuehiko Roshihara. The two study in the same college, and also work together on various odd jobs. (Source: ANN)
Second Season of Kaijuu Girls: Ultra Kaijuu Gijinka Keikaku. It is receiving a TV broadcast, not just dTV streaming like the previous season.
In the series, Light and Yomi are spending their daily lives happily playing video games. One night when everyone else is asleep, Light receives an invitation from Alpha, a messenger for someone named King. Light and Yomi are then sucked into another world, where they must undertake a quest to rescue Princess Melody from the demon lord. Light thinks this must be his destiny, while Yomi thinks it's kind of annoying. They form a party with Alpha to start their quest. Alpha as it turns out is an AI robot, and he has a program that allows them to raise their levels while slowly continuing their adventure. (Source: ANN)
Hayato Hayasugi (his last name is a pun on the words for "too fast") and other children will serve as conductors to pilot the Shinkalion. The Shinkalion robots are various models of real-life Japanese bullet trains (shinkansen) that transform into robots to fight an unknown evil to protect the safety and peace of Japan. The children must work together with the adults of the Shinkansen Ultra Evolution Institute (SUEI) to defeat a monster that looks like a jet black bullet train. (Source: TBS Global Business)
The series follows the daily lives of a naughty female cat named Azuki and a quiet male cat named Daizu who live with their owner, a 30 year old office lady, and her extended family, including an otaku elder brother and an adopted shiba inu dog who thinks he's a cat. (Source: Crunchyroll)
(No synopsis yet.)
A fifth-year elementary student named Eiji Tōmatsu, and his "inspiration" buddy, a dog named Pochirou. One day Eiji finds a mysterious book called the "Pikachin Research Book," and learns about the seven tools that make up the Pikachin Kit. Eiji presses a button inside the research book, and immediately a "Future Amazon" delivery arrives at his door with the kit. Eiji uses the blueprints included in the box to assemble the kit, but it seems as though 1% part of the kit is still missing.  In the franchise, the word "Pikachin" means the flash of inspiration or insight one gets about a new project, similar to the visual of a lightbulb turning on above one's head when someone has an idea. The concept of the franchise is "invention is 99% plastic models, 1% inspiration."  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The main character is the mysterious lifeform Oochopus. In the series, the Oochopus appears at the house of five-year-old Kantarou and three-year-old An-chan. Kantarou and An-chan accept the cute but somewhat irresponsible Oochopus as family. (Source: ANN)
Second season of the Gan Gan Ganko-chan anime series.
Cappy (an anthropomorphic baseball cap) and Knitty (an anthropomorphic knitted hat) help residents of their town with small tasks and acts of kindness.
Say hi to Tayo's new friend - Titipo! Train Center's new born little train Titipo has just passed the driving examination and is prepared to work at the Train Village. Although Titipo dreams of becoming the best train in the world, his curious yet random personality catches him in unforeseen events and troubles everyday. Titipo expands his experience in the greater world and befriends Genie, Diesel, and other little trains. Will Titipo achieve his dream of becoming the best train? Come join the railroad journey and meet Titipo and the little train friends. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Chise Hatori, a 15-year-old Japanese girl, was sold for five million pounds at an auction to a tall masked gentleman. Abandoned at a young age and ridiculed by her peers for her unconventional behavior, she was ready to give herself to any buyer if it meant having a place to go home to. In chains and on her way to an unknown fate, she hears whispers from robed men along her path, gossiping and complaining that such a buyer got his hands on a rare "Sleigh Beggy." Ignoring the murmurs, the mysterious man leads the girl to a study, where he reveals himself to be Elias Ainsworth—a magus. After a brief confrontation and a bit of teleportation magic, the two open their eyes to Elias' picturesque cottage in rural England. Greeted by fairies and surrounded by weird and wonderful beings upon her arrival, these events mark the beginning of Chise's story as the apprentice and supposed bride of the ancient magus. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically. When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno's Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno's voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal—to become the Wizard King! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seven years after the events of Dragon Ball Z, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping evil awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction. Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis start searching the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth where they encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his similarly powerful friends. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja. Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life. New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto: Naruto Next Generations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Now in his second year of high school, Rei Kiriyama continues pushing through his struggles in the professional shogi world as well as his personal life. Surrounded by vibrant personalities at the shogi hall, the school club, and in the local community, his solitary shell slowly begins to crack. Among them are the three Kawamoto sisters—Akari, Hinata, and Momo—who forge an affectionate and familial bond with Rei. Through these ties, he realizes that everyone is burdened by their own emotional hardships and begins learning how to rely on others while supporting them in return.  Nonetheless, the life of a professional is not easy. Between tournaments, championships, and title matches, the pressure mounts as Rei advances through the ranks and encounters incredibly skilled opponents. As he manages his relationships with those who have grown close to him, the shogi player continues to search for the reason he plays the game that defines his career. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Corruption looms over the prosperous Russell City, where manifestations of negative emotions called Horrors cause chaos and mayhem. The Makai Order is the last bastion of hope against these unholy creatures. Using several small businesses as fronts, they deploy powerful Makai Knights and magical Makai Alchemists to combat the Horror threat.  Within this secretive order, the highest rank of Golden Knight has been bestowed upon a large, powerful man named Sword, granting him use of the Garo armor and blade. He alone knows of a plot that threatens the entire Makai Order, with his only hint being the phrase “El Dorado." While fighting a Horror, he encounters Sophia "Sophie" Hennis, a teenage girl whose brother's disappearance years ago is also linked to the same phrase. The two agree to work together to uncover the truth behind "El Dorado" and the disappearance of Sophie's brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Second season of Osomatsu-san.
Pingu and his family move from their small village to the big city; in which there are many people with many different occupations. The ever-curious Pingu tries to join them at their jobs, but his mischievous side gets the better of him and he ends up messing things up. (Source: ANN)
In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.  One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago. (Source: ASCII.jp)
Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai. Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
This is a world where both men and monsters exist. Those who hunt the monsters are called Hunters. But in a small corner of the Hunter's world, there are those called Riders who bond with and coexist with monsters. With their Kizuna Ishi (Bonding Stones) that allow them to awaken the hidden power inside monsters, Riders live in secrecy together with their Otomon, the monsters they formed a connection with. Ryuto, a young boy living in the Rider village of Hakum, dreams of becoming the world's best Rider. Having just turned 12, he sets out to find his own Otomon for himself before the ceremony where he is given his own Kizuna Ishi. Together with his kind-hearted childhood friend Cheval, his inquisitive childhood friend Lilia, and his partner Naville, he sets out deep into the forest, and has a miraculous encounter with a Rathalos. (Source: ANN, edited)
Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths. At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve. Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Dorogoza Island is rich in "Drop Energy" that players can use on friendly monsters. Once strong enough, they can face enemies in puzzle wars. Winners reap rewards, but what happens to the losers? Only the brave can take on these monstrous challenges! (Source: FUNimation)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Second season of ClassicaLoid.
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
The story focuses on Yui, a girl who lives in the town of Paparajuku, and who dreams of being an idol, even if she realizes that being an idol is next to impossible for her. Her friends often remark on how much she dreams about it. But then, the PriPara idol theme park opens in her town, and that an idol named Laala is coming to town from Parajuku, which only makes Yui dream even bigger. The new PriPara theme park has been updated with new concepts. However, due to a system error, Laala is no longer able to PriPara Change. (Source: ANN)
Fourth season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
The animation tells the story of Xiao Shuai who has gone into a cool running world by accident and is embroiled in a dispute between parkour colleges.
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
The fourth season of Future Card Buddyfight.
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Second season of Time Bokan 24.
In the new series' story, the balance of the Creature World is starting to crumble. A talking deck case named Decky comes to the human world to search for a Duel Master to preserve equilibrium. There he sees Joe's power to create creatures. (Source: ANN)
Second Season of Rilu Rilu Fairilu: Yousei no Door.
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Second season of Shounen Ashibe: Go! Go! Goma-chan.
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The sound of yodeling will appear when you least expect it. 
Sequel series to Furusato Saisei: Nihon no Mukashibanashi.
Based on the characters created by Study.
The series stars a cat with a lack of energy who speaks while lying down, yet has a thorough personality. He thinks various things and has fun watching humans.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The series centers around two cats: a younger sister named Neko, and an older brother named Mata. Neko is a nekomata (a mythical two-tailed cat), innocently selfish, and spoiled by her brother. Mata is a neighborhood cat with an eartipped mark as a sign of being neutered. They meet under a streetlight in the city at night to talk. (Source: ANN)
In "a certain era" on "a certain continent," banal things are happening. The construction of "Large-Scale Leisure Facilities" has demanded that all the villages are to be evicted. When these demands are denied, the village and its residents are obliterated. A boy named Chap once lived in tranquility, but that happiness soon came crumbling down. He decides to embark on a journey of revenge, but soon falls madly in love with the king's daughter, Princess Melora. In order to fulfill her selfish wishes, he gathers his friends in order to overcome the impossible.
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
Shorts that feature music note cats. The series premiered on February 22, 2014 on television; the first episode was published on an official YouTube channel that same day.  The whole world is in love with character illustrations of cats, dogs, and bears. A brand-new show, and the first of its kind in Japan, featuring nothing but cat characters for cat lovers started airing in February 2014. A variety of cat characters designed by Japan's topnotch creators and illustrators are animated and they are voiced by popular KAWAII (cute) anime voice actors. This show is a must-see not just for the fans of cat characters but for all anime lovers! (Source: YouTube)
(No synopsis yet.)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
Second season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
(No synopsis yet.)
Deeky is a wolf whose wild appearance belies his pure-hearted and slightly gossipy moe nature. Carina is a squirrel whose soft and cuddly appearance hides the black and beating heart of a hard rock monster. Together they form a band to compete in a rock music competition. (Source: Crunchyroll)
A tourism promotional anime for the Akita prefecture. Highlighting Akita cuisine, actors, landmarks, etc. through the banter of two high school friends who are a red oni and an akita (dog breed). 
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Sequel to Panpaka Pants W-O-New!. 
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
10 years ago, a mysterious stone which looks just like an egg was found. This egg turns out to be an ancient legendary Dragon Egg and it later transformed in to a dragon. People call this the ‘First Hatching’ and found out that they are able to use a dragon’s powerful energy only if they can speak the language of dragon. Soon after they found out this, an international society choose talented children to communicate with dragon and train them to carry out impossible missions. This group of children are called as Knights of Dragon. The Knights of Dragon carry out impossible missions successfully by finding dragons and their language hidden all around the world. Everything working out great only before they got attack from Defectors… (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Tokiko-san got the job of making quizzes/brain-teasers/riddles for Chuukyou Television Broadcasting (a real TV station that airs the anime the fictional character works for). In particular: matchstick puzzles. The show focuses on her trying to make puzzles as well as her early life, family, personality that lead to her profession—particularly her compulsiveness for organization.
Gonglyong Mecard is a spin-off-series of Mecard, based on the idea that dinosaurs didn't become extinct 65 million years ago, but transformed into mecanimals. Its characters don't have any relations to the cast from Turning Mecard, Turning Mecard W and Turning Mecard R. (Source: Gonglyong Mecard Wikia)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The series follows a young girl named Shina who hopes to become the world's best DJ, and is interested in new sounds. Shina explores a mysterious world filled with Otoppe, strange creatures capable of unique sounds.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
Turning Mecard R was announced as a CG-reboot of Turning Mecard. It features the same characters as Turning Mecard and Turning Mecard W. (Source: Wikia)
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Fairies living in a fluffy forest, where both flowers and trees are fluffy. Follow a witch's trouble-maker apprentices Pui Pui and Muu Muu. 
Fourth season of Dayan the Cat.
An animated adaptation of the mobile game of the same name. Each episode is composed of two stories. The story is set in the future, after the destruction of machine civilization which leaves humans in a more primitive state. Dinosaurs, woolly mammoths, saber-tooth tigers, etc. roam free, as their species were brought back to life and modified to be friendlier thanks to cloning fossil samples during the machine civilization era. Children can become Stone Leaders by having one of these creatures as a "pet" which they can do friendly battles with against others.
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
Unicorn no Kyupi is a helpful sprite that lives in the kitchen and polishes dirty pots and pans clean with its fluffy white body. Harigorou, a rival sprite shaped like a hedgehog, tries to interfere.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
A short anime that airs within "Enkame: That's Enka Tainment" (and enka variety show) program on Asahi TV. It follows a cast of ice cream characters.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The Soul Tree, the great source of our race. But for its ultimate power and by those whose minds were blinded by it, it also became the catastrophic cause that had brought never-ending wars between the tribes. Tortured by the agonies of the wars, the leaders of the tribes finally came to a peace agreement that they would instead open a competition. Players, equipped with special watches and shields, compete against each other as winner’s tribe would be awarded with Materion, the sacred fruit of the Soul Tree. These brave players, who throw themselves in this fierce fight, we call them the Runningman. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
Devils cannot take form without a living host. However, if the will of an individual is strong enough, they can overcome the demon and make its power their own, becoming a Devilman. Weak and unassuming, Akira Fudou has always had a bleeding heart. So when his childhood friend Ryou Asuka asks for his help in uncovering devils, Akira accepts without hesitation. However, to Akira's surprise, the place they go to is Sabbath: an immoral party of debauchery and degeneracy. Amidst bloodshed and death, demons possess the partiers, turning their bodies into grotesque monsters, and begin wreaking havoc. In a reckless attempt to save his best friend, Akira unwittingly merges with the devil Amon and becomes a Devilman, gaining the power to defeat the remaining demons. Though it grants him great power, this new partnership awakens an insatiable and primeval part of Akira. Having the body of a devil but the same crybaby heart, Akira works alongside Ryou, destroying those that harm humanity and his loved ones. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In a world powered by advanced technology, crime and action unfold in the archipelagic nation of Cremona. Koku, the protagonist. Keith, the legendary investigator of the royal police force RIS. A mysterious criminal organization. A wide variety of characters race through the fortified city as it is beset by the serial killer, Killer B, and a chain of crimes in this suspense drama by director Kazuto Nakazawa and Production I.G (Source: Netflix via ANN)
Set in the near future in Japan, year 2035. A major incident was known as "Burst" which was caused by researching artificial life. A certain AI called "Matter" has eroded the Kurobe Gorge. Entering the research city, which has been called as humanity's last hope, has been prohibited by the government. Two years later, Aiko Tachibana, a 15-year-old girl who lost her family from the incident, was told by a transfer student named Yuuya Kanzaki the truth that Aiko didn't know regarding a secret hidden within her body. The key to solve the mystery is said to be in the Primary Point, the center of Burst. When a boy and a girl, who bears the future of humanity, meet, what will be the new truth? (Source: MAL News)
With the threat of the Holy Grail War no longer looming over Fuyuki City, its inhabitants can finally enjoy a time of peace. Now that all of the Masters and Servants have adjusted to their new mundane lives, Shirou has taken it upon himself to cook for his household and show Saber the wonders of modern cuisine. Every day, he ventures into the marketplace to see what kind of different meals he can cook up with unique ingredients and a limited budget. However, his legendary skills often attract uninvited guests from all over the city, so there is never a dull moment at dinner with the Emiya family. As his guests entertain themselves in the living room, Shirou walks through the step-by-step process of creating some of his favorite meals. With delicacies such as his savory New Year soba with shrimp tempura, steamy foil-baked salmon, and cheesy bamboo shoot gratin, everything is up for grabs on his menu. Itadakimasu! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When the gods would not answer in humanity's desperate hour of need, it turned to a demon instead. The supposed savior came wielding the sword Zsoltgewinn, but its uncontrollable lust for blood led it to kill those who summoned it too. Although the sword was sealed away long ago, it has been uncovered by the Shoshidai, an organization that collects such cursed artifacts. However, Zsoltgewinn proves to be too strong to be tamed by humans when its corruptive power influences the administrator, Takuma Miura, to flee with it in his grasp.  At the same time, Gai Ogata's family is torn apart due to the possession of another demonic sword, Shiryu, leading his father to be murdered and his mother to hang herself shortly after giving birth to him. Abandoned in the forest clutching the blade, he is discovered by the blacksmith Amon. Unnaturally transfixed by the sword, Gai works tirelessly for years to hone his smithing skills. However, when an accident costs him his arm, he gains a new one—in the form of a reforged Shiryu.  Now having a cursed sword for an arm, Gai must learn to control its violent urges. All the while, Zsoltgewinn continues its rampage, leaving a path of blood in its wake. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Super deformed parody shorts of Overlord II streamed on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel. 
A magician, a female doctor, a gangster, an archaeology professor, a policewoman, a drug dealer, a businessman... Such a random group of people find themselves trapped on a desolate island when they wake up from sleep one day. They are surrounded by primitive tribes, mutant viruses, and countless life and death situations on this mysterious island. What will they do to survive and escape?
Tang San is one of Tang Sect martial art clan's most prestigious disciples and peerless in the use of hidden weapons. With high expectations, the sect's elders believe his future will be bright; yet Tang chooses to forsake this life at the cost of obtaining the sect's forbidden lore—an action punishable by death. Tang, now content with his ascension of knowledge, sees no reason to keep on living and jumps from Hell's Peak, but little did he know that that would not be the end of his existence.  In Douluo Continent, the strong prevail and the weak perish. Each person possesses an innate spirit, some of which can be cultivated and strengthened, bestowing its user with various benefits. Those who were born with such spirits can become Spirit Masters, a profession regarded as one of the continent's most noble. Tang, reincarnated into this strange world, knows only the life of a blacksmith's son. At the age of six, he takes part in the Spirit Master ceremony, and discovers his spirit is Blue Silver Grass—supposedly the world's most useless spirit. In contrast, however, he possesses strong spirit power. Now, aided by the memories of his previous life as well, Tang's future as a Spirit Master is in no way bleak. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A special movie said to be inspired by the Sword Art Online Fatal Bullet video game. The story takes place during the Gun Gale Online arc. Bandai Namco uploaded the short to their official YouTube channel saying it was a pilot version. They are also having an open audition for the female's voice via Twitter. Users can vote for the girls by retweeting their videos (which can either be through Twitter or a link to YouTube). February 8-19 will be the first selection where the top 3 accounts retweeted are chosen. And February 21-22 will be the final selection of girls where the previous 3 accounts along with 1 account chosen by the producer are judged. 
A spin-off series of the IDOLiSH7 TV series, streamed exclusively on YouTube.
The Gunpla Force Battle Tournament is a big event held in GBN once per year. Competing in the final round are Avalon, led by the champion Kyoya Kujo, and the elite 7th Panzer Division led by the cunning Rommel. Starting with Kyoya's Gundam AGE II Magnum, a variety of Gunpla take to the field to determine which is the strongest force! (Source: Official site)
A short web recap of the Devilman: Crybaby series, posted on Aniplex's official YouTube channel.
The second season of Yao Shen Ji.
Lovelorn Xiao Yong entered high school in despair. In order to get out of the haze of lovelorn, he joined a school club, FFF. Later he learned that the FFF Club was a heresy inquisition organized by a group of magicians. In the group test, Xiao Yong awakened his own destruction fire magic. From then on, he began his brilliant high school life. (Source: Guodong Subs)
The gag manga depicts the everyday life of the demon Memumemu-chan, who appears before the high school student Hyouta one day. She's come to seduce men and steal their souls, however, has neither the motivation nor the ability to carry out her duty. The story revolves around Memumemu, Hyouta, who is often misunderstood as a lolicon due to Memumemu, and the super sexy mother-daughter duo who manages the apartment Hyouta resides in. (Source: MAL News)
Web-exclusive next episode previews for Slow Start. These contain unique chibi animations and are released on Slow Start's official Twitter page as well as Aniplex's official YouTube channel. They are released about a day prior the full episode airing.
The second season of Doupo Cangqiong.
Web shorts focusing on each of the 22/7 idols in normal everyday life.
The short series will be divided into two arcs. The "Totoko x Muttsugo" (Totoko x Sextuplets) arc will feature the six brothers having conversations with Totoko, who will be depicted as "a certain princess." This story will have six "versions," one for each brother. The "Iyami x Muttsugo" (Iyami x Sextuplets) arc will feature the six brothers and their everyday life with Iyami. It will also have six "versions," one for each brother.  (Source: ANN)
The opening movie to God Eater Resonant Ops, the iOS/Android game. The animation was streamed on Bandai Namco's official YouTube channel and was promoting the game's release slated for the following month. A second version of the video was posted on April 4, 2018 but contains no change in animation. Only the watermark and the still image at the end were changed.
Short promotional animations for mobile game titled Toji no Miko: Kizamishi Issen no Tomoshibi.
The second season of Wangu Xian Qiong.
The hilarious everyday lives of ancient deities and mythical creatures in the modern world.
Kaoruko is set to meet a marriage partner... but there's a person she can't forget. Someone she met in Chichibu when she was a girl. A young boy whose name she doesn't even know. Treasured memories of walking with him through Chichibu Shrine. Taking in the carpets of pink flowers at Hitsujiyama Park, the mountain stream at Nagatoro, the sea of clouds from Mitsumine Shrine. These are priceless moments she yearns to relive. Maybe... just maybe... if she heads to Chichibu she might see him again. Clinging to her faint hope and distant memories, Kaoruko resolves to find out. (Source: Official site)
(No synopsis yet.)
A special collaboration with Eagle Talon and Donten ni Warau. The latter is having a live-action movie release on March 21, 2018. In the special, the Chancellor and Yoshida introduce the movie and make comments on the story.
In honor of Neeko wa Tsurai yo receiving it's 1st tankoubon release, Kadokawa commissioned a virtual Youtube idol-style anime shorts of Neeko. Niito Nemuko, nicknamed Neeko, is 23 years old and still unable to find a job. This is her everyday life as she struggles with the fact that she's basically just a NEET. (Source: Batoto)
After an invasion by the Vivolian army, the Sprite Himawari and her childhood friend Tsubaki flee their homeland of Floria for the town of Romton. There, they live out their lives in peace... for a time. One day, Himawari's friend and fellow Sprite Ajisai is kidnapped by mysterious strangers. Now Himawari and detective Tsubaki set out to rescue her, but find the dreaded Vivolians standing in their way!  A 2D animated special episode aired on the Monster Strike anime channel, promoting the Monster Strike game debut of the Flower 4 series. Despite this, the storyline is standalone and unrelated to previous Monster Strike anime installments. (Source: Crunchyroll, edited)
The manga's story centers on the daily lives of a raccoon dog who is not quite with it and a mischievous fox who likes to tease the raccoon dog. The two are close friends who live together on a mountain. Their other friends include a wolf, a bear, a rabbit, and birds. (Source: ANN)
A collaboration episode promoting the BD/DVD release of DC Super Heroes vs Taka no Tsume Dan and the Japanese BD/DVD release of Justice League both going on sale March 3, 2018 with the special goods that come with them. The characters all break the 4th wall to self-promote their material and get into a scuffle about whose release would sell better. 
An animated promotion steamed on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel for Kataribe Jinkou Chinou ga Tsubuyaku Noroi no Yogen, in honor of its first tankoubon volume going on sale the very same day.
The story centers around the titular SNS Police (Social Network Service Police), who protect the peace in social media sites like Twitter and Facebook and deal harsh justice to those who violate it.  (Source: ANN)
A collaboration between Taka no Tsume and Toyopet's Alphard car store launching in Ibaraki, Saitama, and Okayama. Collaborative goods will be sold on January 20+21 for at the stores as well.
(No synopsis yet.)
The game centers around players traveling to different train stations in Japan and collecting the anthropomorphized representations of different stations and railway lines. The anime is set in Yokote City in Akita Prefecture, and will center around the characters Miroku, Mero, and Runa. (Source: ANN)
Short film by Sawako Kabuki
A collaboration between Eagle Talon and Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare Sukoyaka Oyako 21 program. The 1st episode talks about the dangers of smoking and 2nd hand smoke while pregnant. The 2nd episode talks about the dangers of tobacco transference to babies either by skin-to-skin contact or a parents' breath right after coming inside the home after smoking outside. The 3rd episode talks about postpartum depression. The 4th episode talks about preventing child abuse. And the 5th episode talks about thoughts of suicide during puberty.
A special collaboration with Mameshiba and Donten ni Warau. The latter is having a live-action movie release on March 21, 2018. In the special, a shiba-ified Tenka introduces the film while a shiba-ified Shirasu, Soramaru, and Sousei follow along in the back.
A stop-motion promotional video for Oi Pii-tan!! posted on Kodansha's official YouTube channel in honor of the manga's final (17th) tankoubon going on sale March 13, 2018. The series had been running for 20 years. 
(No synopsis yet.)
New episodes of Eyedrops that continue the story. Meant to promote the Sante MediGuard EX eyedrops. Two episodes are scheduled to be released.
A collaboration between the facial tissue company Elleair and the comedy anime franchise Kamiusagi Rope.
Animated commercials for Promedicus, a cram school that specializes in Middle and High school students (as well as rounin) looking to get into med school. 
A short gag anime about yakiniku meat on a grill. It primarily focuses on Galbi-kun (beef short rib) who admires a higher cut of meat and tries to change his demeanor to be more refined.
Fourty shorts featuring a delightfully chubby cat named Oi-san. This entry also includes the unnumbered "はじまり" (Hajimari) episode that was released the same day as the numbered episode 1.
Mogu is always making tasty dishes but Perol is taking far more than his share. One day Moog is looking to collect some berries (to make into a cake) but Perol eats some off the bush raw. They taste sour and Perol thinks Moog tricked him and claims they aren't friends anymore. Perol stops visiting but he becomes quite zombie-like and Moog misses his company too.
"You Can Enjoy!" is a surreal and easy-going comedy cartoon created to introduce Fukushima prefecture’s wonderful agricultural and marine products to the whole world. The story is set in Farm Academy on Happy Island where the products are studying hard preparing for shipment. (Source: Official Website) 
Collaboration episodes between Aware! Meisaku-kun and Human Academy Robot Kyoushitsu, a robot building academy workshop with courses aimed towards pre-school to middle school aged children. 
A collaboration between Asa da yo! Kaishain and Japan Consumer Credit Association (JCA), promoting safe credit card security behavior. 
(No synopsis yet.)
In order to promote industry that was lost in the Fukushima disaster, the prefecture is improving the robotics test field with the aim of obtaining the next generation of workers in a "robot related industry."  These two episodes are aimed at elementary schoolers and talk about drones as well as the robotics campus.
Teaming up as an agent squad, GG Bond and his pals travel around the world to help people solve their problems. Although their journeys are full of danger and unknown, these brave agents are highly committed to their missions and never step back. On their way of the global adventure, they can also learn about local cultures and customs, which are accompanied with funny stuff and interesting stories. You never know what they will run into in their next mission... (Source: Official YouTube channel)
VR anime of mobile RPG Kuro Kishi to Shiro no Maou released via Virtual Gate.
(No synopsis yet.)
Bundled with the limited edition sixth manga volume.
Sequel to DAYS. It will depict the All-Japan High School Soccer Tournament's Tokyo Preliminary Round with Touin Academy. (Source: anilist.co)
Alfheim, a world of elves where women only exist. The world Shrine, the source of all the elves' magical power, has started to fade and the race was in danger of extinction. Then there is a prophecy that a man from another world is destined to be the savior of the elven race. And it was not too long the hero is now brought to the world of Elves... The elves ruled they must survive by child-making with the hero. But many of the other elves refused this vulgar decision and so the elves divided into groups: Those who disdain child-making with a man and those who choose to accept the fact. But those who accepted have discovered something: It turns out if they have sex with the hero and acquire semen into their bodies, their magic powers increases. So they proceed to milk him dry... (Source: DLsite)
The series takes place at a special mansion that transforms all who enter into beautiful women. After hearing rumors of a treasure within its walls, a man enters...
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A student gets seduced by his kinky female classmates.
Based on the adult doujinshi manga of the same name.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A high school P.E. teacher catches the eye of a man with unique tastes. Once he finds a way to control her, what will she do to protect her family?
An OVAs bundled with the 10 & 11th limited edition volumes of the manga.
Maquia is a member of a special race called the Iorph—mystical beings who can live for hundreds of years and remain separate from the lives and daily troubles of mankind. However, Maquia has always felt lonely despite being surrounded by her people, as she was orphaned from a young age. She daydreams about the outside world, but dares not travel from her home due to the warnings of the clan's chief. One day however, the outside world finds her, as the power-hungry kingdom of Mezarte invades her homeland. They already have what is left of the giant dragons, the Renato, under their control, and now their king wishes to add the immortality of the Iorph to his bloodline. The humans and their Renato ravage the Iorph homeland and kill most of its inhabitants. Caught in the midst of the attack, Maquia is carried off by one of the Renato that has gone berserk. It soon dies, and she is left deserted in a forest far from home, now truly alone save for the cries of a single baby off in the distance. Maquia finds the baby in a destroyed village and decides to raise him as her own, naming him Ariel. Although she knows nothing of the human world, how to raise a child that ages much faster than her, or how to live with the smoldering loneliness inside, she is determined to make it all work somehow. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Rikka is 18 and in the last year of high school. But she still acts like she's in puberty. It's spring break, and high school seniors are looking ahead to their college entrance exams. Rikka Takanashi and her boyfriend, Yuuta Togashi, have been an item for a long time and live together, but their relationship seems frozen in time, unable to mature to the next level. Then one day, Rikka's elder sister, Tooka, declares she's taking her sister and the family to Italy where she's landed a stable job. Yuuta panics despite agreeing with Tooka that Rikka can't be left alone in Japan, and her chances of getting into college are slim. Still, the two lament the idea of being torn from each other. So at the suggestion of his friends, Yuuta decides the two will elope, and a dramatic chase across Japan begins. (Source: TBS Global Business)
Power users around the world are suddenly committing suicide one after another, in all cases after a strange fog appears at the scene. At a request from Ango Sakaguchi, the Armed Detective Agency head out to investigate Tatsuhiko Shibusawa, a power user who calls himself "collector," and a man suspected of being tied to the incident. (Source: ANN)
This is the second part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime.  (Source: Wikipedia, ANN)
Eren Yeager and others of the 104th Training Corps have just begun to become full members of the Survey Corps. As they ready themselves to face the Titans once again, their preparations are interrupted by the invasion of Wall Rose—but all is not as it seems as more mysteries are unraveled. As the Survey Corps races to save the wall, they uncover more about the invading Titans and the dark secrets of their own members.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The movie recompiles scenes from the Macross Δ television anime with new scenes to tell a different story. (Source: AniDB)
Shout and Crunchy are "trash throw away-ers" who work in the dead of night. Makina is a 16-year-old witch who has come to the world of humans and to London to study for one year about how to become a proper bride. But Makina searches for Shout and Crunchy, and begs them to throw away her "Witch's Book." Truthfully, Makina wants to quit being a witch and become a normal girl, and the book is just a hindrance. But the book is not something one can simply just throw away. (Source: ANN)
Ten years ago, the villainous scientist Dr. Hell led his wicked followers, known as the Underground Empire, in a struggle to destroy all of humanity. It was against these forces that the young hero Kouji Kabuto fought, piloting the legendary super robot "Mazinger Z." Kouji's victory stopped Dr. Hell's evil plan and returned peace to the Earth. Now Kouji has left the pilot seat behind and become a scientist in his own right, following in his father's and grandfather's footsteps. Yet an unexpected encounter deep under Mt. Fuji triggers an even greater threat to mankind than ever before and alters Kouji's destiny forever. With humanity's fate in their hands, Kouji and Mazinger Z face a choice between good... and evil. (Source: VIZ Media)
Short theater manners shown before Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie: Take On Me.
Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage.  (Source: ANN)
Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage.  (Source: ANN)
The short centers around a recently hatched caterpillar named Boro as he awakens with fresh eyes and takes his first steps into a world filled with friends and enemies.  (Source: Comic Natalie)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Hiragana Danshi are in the mission to try to find their comrades in the world where Japanese languages have been disappeared. This is a movie adaptation of the Hiragana Danshi multimedia project which is one of the projects that started from a monthly variety show on Nihon TV titled "Ichara," which gets ideas for 2D characters from the audience.
(No synopsis yet.)
Doraemon: Nobita no Takarajima takes the well-known characters to the Caribbean Sea; Nobita is the captain of a ship and fights against his enemies. Shizuka is kidnapped and a storm prevents her persecution. When the adventurers finally find the mysterious Treasure Island, where they have taken Shizuka, they discover that it is something more than a common island. (Source: Official Website)
After the events of Invasion, Johnny Rico has been demoted to the rank of colonel and relocated to a Martian satellite to train a new batch of troopers. Unfortunately, these troopers are some of the worst low-performing Rico has ever trained as they're Martians and don't take the war seriously. Mars overall has low support for the war as they see their planet unaffected by the bug conflict and even suggested pulling out from the war. Because of their laid back attitude, the denizens of Mars wasn't ready when the bugs attacked. Unknown to everyone, Sky Marshall Amy Snapp executes her plans for power. (Source: Wikipedia)
Part of Anime Tamago 2018. 
Part of Anime Tamago 2018. 
A hard rain is about to fall on a small town in Southern China. In a desperate attempt to find money to save his fiancée’s failed plastic surgery, Xiao Zhang, a mere driver, steals a bag containing 1 million from his boss. News of the robbery spreads fast within the town and, over the course of one night, everyone starts looking for Xiao Zhang and his money. (Source: Metacritic)
Part of Anime Tamago 2018. 
Chi earned her American dream after persevering with her studies in Taiwan. Following her grandmothers’ death, Chi returns to her family on Happiness Road, where she begins to feel nostalgic about her childhood and starts to contemplate the meaning of “life” and “home”. What is happiness? Will Chi find her own happiness? (Source: Official Website)
46-year-old Oh Jun-koo is a downtrodden thespian who hasn't worked in ages. The closest he gets to treading the boards nowadays is teaching drama part-time to unappreciative college students. His home life isn't much better. Wife Mig-yeong is a socially ambitious nagger who's always working late, and son Hyeon-jun is in trouble with police after setting off fireworks on the roof of an apartment block. Just as Mig-yeong starts making noises about moving to a more upmarket neighborhood and sending daughter Hyeon-seo to an expensive school, Oh receives a lucrative acting offer. At virtually the same time Oh is told he's in pole position for a permanent teaching post. Only catch with the latter is it means giving up acting for good. No sooner has Oh sacrificed what he loves for greater financial security than a serious spanner is thrown in the works. He witnesses what appears to be Professor Cho sexually assaulting student Kim Ki-pum. (Source: Variety.com)
(No synopsis yet.)
The birth of a powerful mechanic! The Battle of destiny begins again! During peaceful days and friends, Dr. Franklin calls call on Isobel. They must train the new mechanic and take charge of a mission. The mechanics are back and joined by a new, powerful mechanic and are challenged by Vandyne to a sudden battle. (Source: Hancinema)
(No synopsis yet.)
After reliving the life of a high school student through the ReLIFE experiment, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki cannot believe how quickly it has changed him. He has begun to see the world through a different perspective that he had completely forgotten as an adult. He has made friends and formed deep relationships with each one of them. However his support, Ryou Yoake, reminds him that the experiment is all an illusion; after his experiment ends, he will be forgotten by all of them. The experiment of another ReLIFE subject is also coming to an end. After spending two years with ReLIFE, Chizuru Hishiro has developed into a more open, more thoughtful person than she could have ever imagined. She has met people who have changed her life, her perspective, and ultimately her. However, now that their ReLIFE is coming to an end, will they be able to let go of the memories they have made? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
An episode recapping Nanatsu no Taizai with additional scenes, aired before the new season in January 2018.
A summary episode of Mob Psycho 100 which features commentary from Reigen Arataka.
Specials included in the anime's BD/DVD releases. The first disc release features "Heya Camp Episode 0," a story before Nadeshiko joins the club. (Source: ANN)
Included with the limited edition BD of Fate/kaleid liner Prisma☆Illya Movie: Sekka no Chikai. 
Two specials of ReLIFE: Kanketsu-hen released on mobile and later included on Blu-ray/DVD volume.
Recap episodes of Beatless.
A recap of major events and notable characters from the first 11 episode of Grancrest Senki.
Two additional episodes of Imouto sae Ireba Ii. (ONA) released exclusively on the BD/DVD volumes.
Two special episodes set in a school setting. Included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Kujira no Kora wa Sajou ni Utau. 
The short follows a boy looking for a girl he met in the Gun Gale Online game. The boy believes they have a connection, but to the girl their connection is part of a fantasy. The time to test whether their bond is real or fantasy will come.  (Source: ANN)
A special included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume. Super deformed versions of Mio and Maria narrate Basara's various erotic encounters.
Short anime inspired by the iOS and Android mobile game God Eater Resonant Ops. Introduces the characters through their first day of school. Resonant Ops continues the story of God Eater 2 Rage Burst, which in turn is a sequel to God Eater Burst, and is set 4 years after the latter's story, moving the setting "at long last" toward the Fenrir Headquarters in the year 2078.
At Anime Japan 2018, Warner Bros. announced a collaboration between Ninja Batman and Poputepipikku. PVC figurines will be sold of the collaboration and a commercial was aired at the convention's booth, on television, and posted online--where Popuko and Pipimi dress as Batman and Joker respectively in order to promote the Ninja Batman's theatrical release. 
A summary of the first 12 episodes of Toji no Miko.
Special prologue episode of the Inazuma Eleven: Ares no Tenbin series. It is a remake of the original Inazuma Eleven episode 27. After defeating Zeus and becoming the Football Frontier champions, the members of Raimon return to the soccer club. Unlike episode 27, the club is not invaded by aliens. Instead, everyone congratulates the team members for their remarkable achievements. Kidou Yuuto and Gouenji Shuuya then propose to take on the world. Hibiki Seigou comes in and, incidentially, proposes a match between Raimon and the Spanish youth league champion, Barcelona Orb. (Source: Inazuma Eleven Wiki)
Recap of the first season of Hitori no Shita: The Outcast that aired a week prior to Japanese broadcast of the second season.
Shorts included in the Osomatsu-san 2nd Season BD & DVD releases. 
Special episode of Taishou Mebiusline: Chicchai-san.
Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Poputepipikku.
A televised collaboration between Osomatsu-san and Mameshiba.
Petit animation included with the Robot Girls Z Full Complete Blu-ray.
Based on Tochigi TV's original idol group "Marronni ☆ Yell." 
The official Twitter for Ballpoint pen writing image character Nippen no Miko-chan has announced that it will get anime CM series to broadcast within news discussion show 5-ji ni Muchuu on Tokyo MX. (Source: MAL News)
Advertisements for the Gudetama tap app Sawatte! Gudetama: 3-dome no Shoujiki. The videos are aired on television and streamed on Sanrio's official YouTube channel and typically have a gaming theme. 
A televised commercial for Boat Race Marugame starring Mimika. The singer-songwriter transforms into an animated character and takes a speed boat out for a fantastical run. Mimika was both the director and the song writer for the commercial. Boat Race Marugame is an arena for people to purchase tickets (must be at least 20 years of age) to watch speed boat racing, visitors can gamble on the races just like with horse races. Mimika also performed a live concert at the arena on February 8th, 2018 for the G1 Shikoku District Championship race.
Suntory commercials for their oolong tea bottles featuring Sandwhichman, a comedy duo from Japan. The commercials were shown on television and streamed on Suntroy's official YouTube channel. The theme is Touhoku love, Touhoku is the Northeast region of Japan composed of 6 prefectures. Each commercial focuses on one of the prefectures in that region (respectively Miyagi, Fukushima, Aomori, Yamagata, Iwate, and Akita).
Akiyama Yukari's Tank Course special "Sensha no Tanjou-hen" (The Birth of Tanks) included on the DVD/BD releases of the Girls & Panzer: Saishuushou Part 1.
