As summer arrives for the students at UA Academy, each of these superheroes-in-training puts in their best efforts to become renowned heroes. They head off to a forest training camp run by UA's pro heroes, where the students face one another in battle and go through dangerous tests, improving their abilities and pushing past their limits. However, their school trip is suddenly turned upside down when the League of Villains arrives, invading the camp with a mission to capture one of the students.  Boku no Hero Academia 3rd Season follows Izuku "Deku" Midoriya, an ambitious student training to achieve his dream of becoming a hero similar to his role model—All Might. Being one of the students caught up amidst the chaos of the villain attack, Deku must take a stand with his classmates and fight for their survival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Two years have passed since the CCG's raid on Anteiku. Although the atmosphere in Tokyo has changed drastically due to the increased influence of the CCG, ghouls continue to pose a problem as they have begun taking caution, especially the terrorist organization Aogiri Tree, who acknowledge the CCG's growing threat to their existence. The creation of a special team, known as the Quinx Squad, may provide the CCG with the push they need to exterminate Tokyo's unwanted residents. As humans who have undergone surgery in order to make use of the special abilities of ghouls, they participate in operations to eradicate the dangerous creatures. The leader of this group, Haise Sasaki, is a half-ghoul, half-human who has been trained by famed special class investigator, Kishou Arima. However, there's more to this young man than meets the eye, as unknown memories claw at his mind, slowly reminding him of the person he used to be. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The eccentric, self-proclaimed mad scientist Rintarou Okabe has become a shell of his former self. Depressed and traumatized after failing to rescue his friend Makise Kurisu, he has decided to forsake his mad scientist alter ego and live as an ordinary college student. Surrounded by friends who know little of his time travel experiences, Okabe spends his days trying to forget the horrors of his adventures alone.  While working as a receptionist at a college technology forum, Okabe meets the short, spunky Maho Hiyajo, who later turns out to be the interpreter at the forum's presentation, conducted by Professor Alexis Leskinen. In front of a stunned crowd, Alexis and Maho unveil Amadeus—a revolutionary AI capable of storing a person's memories and creating a perfect simulation of that person complete with their personality and quirks. Meeting with Maho and Alexis after the presentation, Okabe learns that the two were Kurisu's colleagues in university, and that they have simulated her in Amadeus. Hired by Alexis to research the simulation's behavior, Okabe is given the chance to interact with the shadow of a long-lost dear friend. Dangerously tangled in the past, Okabe must face the harsh reality and carefully maneuver around the disastrous consequences that come with disturbing the natural flow of time. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Having slept through all four of her alarms, the energetic Narumi Momose finds herself running late for her first day of work at a new office. As she races to catch her train, she makes a promise to herself that none of her coworkers will find out about her dark secret: that she is an otaku and a fujoshi. Her plan goes instantly awry, though, when she runs into Hirotaka Nifuji, an old friend from middle school. Although she tries to keep her secret by inviting him out for drinks after work, her cover is blown when he casually asks her whether or not she will be attending the upcoming Summer Comiket. Luckily for her, the only witnesses—Hanako Koyanagi and Tarou Kabakura—are otaku as well.       Later that night, the pair go out for drinks so that they can catch up after all the years apart. After Narumi complains about her previous boyfriend breaking up with her because he refused to date a fujoshi, Hirotaka suggests that she try dating a fellow otaku, specifically himself. He makes a solemn promise to always be there for her, to support her, and to help her farm for rare drops in Monster Hunter. Blown away by the proposal, Narumi agrees immediately. Thus the two otaku start dating, and their adorably awkward romance begins. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The second cour of Shokugeki no Souma season 3.
Clad in desert pink and the size of a mere child, the infamous "Pink Devil" mercilessly hunts down other players in the firearm-centered world of the virtual reality game Gun Gale Online. But in real life, this feared player killer is not quite who anyone would expect.  A shy university student in Tokyo, Karen Kohiruimaki stands in stark contrast to her in-game avatar—in fact, she happens to stand above everyone else too, much to her dismay. Towering above all the people around her, Karen's insecurities over her height reach the point where she turns to the virtual world for an escape. Starting game after game in hopes of manifesting as a cute, short character, she finally obtains her ideal self in the world of Gun Gale Online. Overjoyed by her new persona, she pours her time into the game as LLENN, garnering her reputation as the legendary player killer.  However, when one of LLENN's targets gets the best of her, she ends up meeting Pitohui, a skilled yet eccentric woman. Quickly becoming friends with Karen, Pitohui insists that LLENN participates in Squad Jam, a battle royale that pits teams against one another, fighting until only one remains. Thrust into the heated competition, LLENN must fight with all her wit and will if she hopes to shoot her way to the top. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
While reveling in the successful clinching of a prized vase for his collection, Yoshifumi Nitta, a yakuza member, is rudely interrupted when a large, peculiar capsule suddenly materializes and falls on his head. He opens the capsule to reveal a young, blue-haired girl, who doesn't divulge anything about herself but her name—Hina—and the fact that she possesses immense powers. As if things couldn't get any worse, she loses control and unleashes an explosion if her powers remain unused. Faced with no other choice, Nitta finds himself becoming her caregiver.  To let her use her powers freely, Nitta asks Hina to help out with a construction deal, which goes smoothly. But while this is happening, a rival yakuza group covertly attacks his boss. To Nitta's shock, his colleagues later pin the blame on him! Tasked with attacking the rival group in retaliation, Nitta steels himself and arrives at their hideout. But suddenly, Hina unexpectedly steps in and helps him wipe out the entire group. As it turns out, Hina might just become a valuable asset to Nitta and his yakuza business, provided she does not use her powers on him first! And so the strange life of this unusual duo begins. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"To be quiet and do as you're told, that's the cowardly choice." These are the words of Junk Dog, an underground fighter of Megalo Box, an evolution of boxing that utilizes mechanical limbs known as Gear to enhance the speed and power of its users. Despite the young man's brimming potential as a boxer, the illegal nature of his participation forces him to make a living off of throwing matches as dictated by his boss Gansaku Nanbu. However, this all changes when the Megalo Box champion Yuuri enters his shabby ring under the guise of just another challenger. Taken out in a single round, Junk Dog is left with a challenge: "If you're serious about fighting me again, then fight your way up to me and my ring." Filled with overwhelming excitement and backed by the criminal syndicate responsible for his thrown matches, Junk Dog enters Megalonia: a world-spanning tournament that will decide the strongest Megalo Boxer of them all. Having no name of his own, he takes on the moniker of "Joe" as he begins his climb from the very bottom of the ranked list of fighters. With only three months left to qualify, Joe must face off against opponents the likes of which he has never fought in order to meet the challenge of his rival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The fourth season of High School DxD.
Love has never really been a concern for Mitsuyoshi Tada, and as the aspiring photographer enters his second year of high school, it truthfully couldn't be further from his mind. However, things just might change after he meets a bright and bubbly foreigner named Teresa Wagner while he was taking pictures of a cherry blossom tree. Nevertheless, after she asks him to photograph her, the two soon separate... only to meet each other again twice more that same day! Finding Teresa just as she is caught in a sudden downpour, Tada invites her to his family's coffee shop to dry off. There, she explains that she was separated from her traveling companion, a no-nonsense redhead named Alexandra ''Alec'' Magritte. When Alec reunites with Teresa shortly after, they say their goodbyes, expecting to part ways for good—but the two unexpectedly show up as transfer students in his class the next day. Teresa and Alec quickly get used to their lives at Koinohoshi High School and decide to join Tada in the photography club, along with his narcissistic friend Kaoru Ijuuin, the idol-obsessed Hajime Sugimoto, serious class rep Hinako Hasegawa, and the dog-like Kentarou Yamashita. With these two peculiar additions to his equally eccentric group of friends, Tada's second year of high school is about to get even livelier, and he might need to start rethinking his approach to love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Ren Amamiya, a new transfer student at Shujin Academy, is sent to Tokyo to live with his family friend Sojiro Sakura after wrongly being put on probation for defending a woman from sexual assault. While on the way to attend his first day at his new school, Ren notices a strange app has appeared on his phone, transferring him to a world known as the Metaverse, which contains people's "shadows": distorted depictions of their true selves. In the Metaverse, he awakens his Persona, a power from deep within that gives him the strength to fight the shadows. With the help of similarly troubled students, he forms the Phantom Thieves of Hearts, attempting to save people from their sinful desires by "taking their heart," making evildoers regret their actions and turn over a new leaf. The group's reputation continues to grow explosively, bringing along fame both positive and negative. However, during the peak of their popularity, Ren gets captured and taken into custody. Here, he wakes up to a harsh interrogation, but this is cut short by the arrival of Sae Niijima—a prosecutor seeking answers. Just how will she react to his story, and what will become of the Phantom Thieves?  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
For Hikari Tsutsui, life within the two-dimensional realm is much simpler. Socially inept and awkward, he immerses himself in video games and anime, only to be relentlessly ridiculed and ostracized by his classmates. Sharing his misery is Yuuto Itou, his only friend, who wears cat ears and is equally obsessed with the world of games.  After being forced to clean the pool as punishment for arriving late, Tsutsui meets Iroha Igarashi, but he attempts to steer clear of her, as her notoriety precedes her. Brazenly blunt, loathed by female classmates, and infamous for messing around with boys, Tsutsui believes that getting involved with her would cause nothing but problems.  3D Kanojo: Real Girl is a story revolving around these two outcasts—a boy full of emotions he has never experienced before, struggling to lay them bare, and a girl who strives to break him out of his shell. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In Hokkaido, the far northern lands of Japan, Sugimoto survived the Russo-Japanese war of the Meiji era. Nicknamed "Sugimoto the Immortal" during the war, he now seeks the riches promised by the gold rush in hopes of saving the widowed wife of his now deceased comrade from the war. During his hunt of gold, he finds hints of a hidden stash of gold by corrupt criminals. Partnering with an Ainu girl that saves his life from the harsh climates of the north, they venture into a survival adventure to race against the criminals that seek the hidden stash. (Source: MangaUpdates)
Every day, Aya Asagiri thinks about killing herself. She is bullied relentlessly at school, and at home, her older brother Kaname physically abuses her to relieve the academic stress put on him by their father. One night, as she lies awake wishing for death, a mysterious website called Magical Girl Site appears on her laptop, promising to give her magical powers. At first, she dismisses it as a creepy prank, but when she finds a magical gun in her shoe locker the next day, she doesn't know what to believe. Deciding to take it with her, she soon runs into her bullies once again. But this time, desperate for anything to save her, she uses the gun—and her assailants are transported to a nearby railroad crossing, where they are run over.  Aya's conscience is unable to handle the fact that she murdered two of her classmates with magic, and she desperately tries to understand the situation. However, when she finds herself in trouble again, she is saved by Tsuyuno Yatsumura, a classmate who can use magic to stop time. This duo has a lot to do: not only do they have to fight alongside and against other magical girls, but they also need to uncover the truth behind the website and the apocalyptic event known as "The Tempest" that is soon to occur. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Anzai, half vampire, and Tsukasa, a normal school girl. Vampires seem to be living among humans. Of course the government does not know of their existence, because their appearance does not differ from humans. They also do not need to drink blood, but when they get a craving or get angry, they can become uncontrollable monsters. (Source: MU)
Kaoruko "Chaos" Moeta is a young manga artist who is down on her luck. She wants to draw manga about high school girls, but her storyboards are bland, her art uninspired, and her premises weak. Her concerned, exasperated editor comes up with an idea: push Chaos to be more social. So, by her recommendation, Chaos moves into a dormitory for female manga artists. She soon meets the other residents: Tsubasa Katsuki, a shounen manga artist; Ruki Irokawa, who draws erotic manga popular with women; and Koyume Koizuka, a shoujo artist who, like Chaos, has yet to be serialized. Quickly striking up a friendship with these girls, Chaos finds new inspiration for her manga and continues to grow her creativity. Comic Girls is a showcase of the daily lives of these manga artists. Will Chaos finally be able to make her debut and become serialized? None of the girls know, but they will all do their best to help each other become the best artists they can be. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Female college student Aoi inherited her deceased grandfather's ability to see ayakashi. One day, while Aoi is feeding some ayakashi, a demon appears! He declares that Aoi's grandfather owed a great debt, and as compensation, Aoi must marry the demon! Aoi refuses, and decides to pay off the debt by working. (Source: MU)
In a world very much like our own, great race horses of the past have a chance to be reborn as "horse girls"—girls with the ears and tails of horses as well as their speed and endurance. The best of these horse girls go to train at Tokyo's Tracen Academy, hopefully moving on to fame and fortune as both racers and idols. Special Week, a high school horse girl from the countryside, has just transferred to Tracen, and she's determined to fulfill her promise to her mother to become the best horse girl in Japan. On her way to school, she takes a pit stop at the race track and instantly falls in love with Silence Suzuka's style, becoming determined to race on the same team as her. (Source: ANN)
The story picks up after The Second Raid as Amalgam's fight against Mithril heats up.
Saki Uno is an average 15-year-old girl with a side hustle as a member of the exceptionally unpopular idol duo Magical Twins. Despite this, she absolutely loves the time she spends with her best friend Sakuyo Mikage as she strives to become closer with her childhood crush, Sakuyo's brother Mohiro. Her peaceful life, however, unravels when she finds a yakuza-looking thug trying to enter her house. Forced to invite him inside, Saki learns that her mother used to be a demon fighting Magical Girl, and that her brutish guest is actually a mascot named Kokoro-chan looking to recruit a replacement. Dumbfounded and skeptical, Saki is hesitant accept the request until Kokoro-chan reveals that Mohiro is a target of some cute, squirrel-tailed demons. Rushing to his side, Saki's overwhelming desire to save Mohiro activates her Love Power, and a daring confession awakens her as a Magical Girl. However, because her body is not suitable for combat, Saki's transformation turns her into a muscle-bound man clad in a pretty dress. Now, as a fully-fledged Magical Girl, Saki must team up with Sakuyo to protect the love of her life from the fluffy, demonic menaces that run rampant in her world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
What is happiness? Ever the fan of psychology, questions such as this are ones that high school student Ritsu Shikishima likes to ponder as he spends his peaceful days with his friends. His perfect world, however, begins to unravel when he hears a strange voice obscured by static, pleading for help. This voice belongs to μ, a beloved pop idol, whose singing begins to have an adverse effect on the world. Before Ritsu's very eyes, the faces of his friends and family become distorted by glitches as the sound of μ's voice transforms them into Digiheads: berserk monsters bent on the extermination of all those who begin to awaken to the true nature of their existence. Realizing that he is trapped in a virtual world created by μ called Mobius, Ritsu must now gather everyone else who has managed to realize the truth before they are all eliminated. Together, they will use their newfound powers and weapons granted by their emotions—known as the Catharsis Effect—to fight off the mysterious group known as The Ostinato Musicians as they struggle to escape. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The romantic comedy follows the everyday life of an extremely tsundere (initially aloof and abrasive, but later kind-hearted) boy named Atsuhiro "Akkun" Kagari and his girlfriend Non "Nontan" Katagiri. Akkun's behavior is harsh toward Nontan with verbal abuse and neglect, but he actually is head-over-heels for her and habitually acts like a stalker by tailing her or eavesdropping. Nontan is oblivious to Akkun's stalker ways, and thinks his actions are cute. (Source: ANN)
In humanity's distant future, two interstellar states—the monarchic Galactic Empire and the democratic Free Planets Alliance—are embroiled in a never-ending war. The story focuses on the exploits of rivals Reinhard von Müsel and Yang Wen Li as they rise to power and fame in the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance. (Source: Wikipedia)
A tranquil tale about two boys from very different upbringings. On one hand you have Kai, born as the son of a prostitute, who's been playing the abandoned piano in the forest near his home ever since he was young. And on the other you have Syuhei, practically breast-fed by the piano as the son of a family of prestigious pianists. Yet it is their common bond with the piano that eventually intertwines their paths in life.  (Source: KEFI)
Straightforward and innocent Hisone Amakasu is a Self-Defense Force rookie stationed at the Air Self-Defense Force's Gifu Base. She was struggling with the fact that she sometimes hurts people unintentionally by her innocent words and decided to join the Air Self-Defense Force, hoping to maintain a certain distance from people. This decision led her to a fateful encounter which profoundly changed her life. It was the "OTF" dragon hidden in the base and it chose Hisone as his pilot. When it soared into the sky with Hisone, her fate as a dragon pilot was decided. It is said that dragons have a key to the future of the world... (Source: ANN)
Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing football at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession.  In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd. He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it. 
It is a world replete with dragons and Jushiki sorcerers. Jushiki is a devastatingly powerful formula that can alter the laws of physics, capable of creating enormous TNT explosives or poisonous gas through plasma and nuclear fusion. A down-on-his-luck sorcerer named Gayus joins forces with the beautiful but cruel Jushiki practitioner, Gigina, as bounty hunters pursuing dragons. Then one day, they are presented with an odd request: to serve as security guards for a grand festival put on by Mouldeen, the ruler of their kingdom. It is then that a mysterious serial killing of Jushiki sorcerers begins. (Source: TBS Global Business)
Eager to know why her best friend’s boyfriend dumped her for a man, the headstrong Eiya Arakawa suggests a meeting with them. Gathered together at a café, Yuuga Oota agrees to answer Eiya’s questions only if she can correctly ascertain the relationship of a couple sitting across from them, which she does on her first attempt. Amazed by her astounding intellect and intuition, he invites her to a private meeting where he introduces her to the concept of Slave Control Method, or SCM, a retainer-like device that has the ability to turn people into slaves. When two SCM users enter a duel, the devices exert a powerful influence on their brains. Once the duel is over, the SCM amplifies the loser’s sense of obligation and forces them to bend to the will of the winner. Wanting desperately to test his own abilities, Yuuga asks Eiya to act as his insurance in the event that he himself becomes a slave. Granted access to 10 million yen, Eiya’s job is to convince Yuuga’s would-be master to free him from his servitude. Though hesitant at first, Yuuga’s words resonate with her personal yearning for something more from her life, and she agrees to his request. However, when a mysterious organization begins rapidly accruing slaves, Eiya becomes entangled in a game far more dangerous than she ever could have imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
When Natsuno Hanabi went back to her hometown to study in high school, she thought that she will have a new wonderful life. But Tachibanakan, the dormitory she was going to live in, was not what she expected.
Nearly twenty years into the 21st century, people have forgotten the existence of youkai. When a number of unexplainable phenomena plague adults of the human world with confusion and chaos, thirteen-year-old Mana writes a letter to the Youkai Post in search of answers, only to be greeted by Gegege no Kitarou... (Source: Crunchyroll)
This story gives a look at the daily life of a pair of Alice twins and their older brother who has a sister complex. Them eating meals, getting into fights, playing with friends... Would you like to peek at the heart-full daily life of the cute Alices? (Source: MAL News) 
Every day, all kinds of different people stop at railroad crossings on their way to work or school, resulting in all sorts of different conversations. Friends, enemies, acquaintances, and complete strangers—there's always a new encounter to be had. Fumikiri Jikan documents the discussions that take place at these locations. Whether these are funny or depressing, expected or completely unexpected, they certainly have the potential to be quite interesting. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
"Period" is how magic users called who beat "Spiral"—monsters that were summoned from isolation. Due to the rise of these beings, 14-year-old apprentice Period Haru, who is a part of the Eighth Arc-end Division, is called to break the cycle and cast himself into the endless battle. However, a mysterious thievery occurred and sank the division into bankruptcy, forcing Haru and his other comrades have to leave their headquarters. To rebuild a branch, they have to overcome quest after quest. (Source: MAL News)
The series is set in a near-future world where the boundary between human being and AI is vague. A rapid biological evolution, similar to "Cambrian Explosion," is caused by one incident. This incident turns into the genesis of a new jostle for supremacy, and the influence of the evolution goes beyond biological framework and spreads to various kinds of materials and technologies. The era of massive evolution involving diverse existences, such as human, machines, and biotechnologies, is coming. Characters fight an existential war in such a world. (Source: ANN)
Second season of Amanchu!.
The Taishou era didn't end in 15 years, but went on for another 25. In order to protect her waning family, a girl resolves to marry a man she doesn't even know the name of. However, just before the marriage was to take place, the girl's younger brother mysteriously committed suicide by self-immolation and was found holding an old book in his hands. Appearing before the bewildered young girl was the "Imperial Library Intelligence Asset Management Bureau," more commonly referred to as "Fukurou." According to these men, there exists "Maremono," which are books that greatly affect their readers. On top of that, ever since the incident involving the girl's younger brother, she unwittingly gains the ability to see "Auras" (the sentiments of the Maremono which manifest as bright lights and are usually invisible to humans). It was as though fate were trying to drag the young girl in its flames. And then, even though apprehensive, the girl chooses to venture outside her bird cage. Jealousy, hatred, scorn, compassion, and love. What awaited the girl was the darkness of betrayal that had already begun to bewitchingly inlay the imperial capital. Toyed by and swayed within that darkness, will the young girl finally reach the truth after her struggles, or...? (Source: MAL News)
The peaceful days turn out to be short-lived as the shadow of another Selector Battle looms large. Kiyoi Mizushima is the first to notice that things are amiss, and she makes her move to put an end to the cycle of darkness.The Battle this time includes a new card, "Key," and has been set up with rules different than before. With both the mastermind and their motive shrouded in mystery, the darkness grows ever deeper and more menacing. Suzuko Homura, Chinatsu Morishita, Hanna Mikage, Ruuko Kominato, Yuzuki Kurebayashi, Hitoe Uemura, and Akira Aoi, the Selectors gather once again. (Source: ANN)
Subaru Ichinose loves his cockpit as, to him, it's like being in his mother's womb. Whenever he struggles to converse with his fellow pilots, his cockpit is the one place he can be alone. As the ace pilot aboard the Tiramisu, Earth Union's most important battleship, it is his job to defend Mother Earth from the threats that emerge from humanity's extended dominion spreading throughout the vast reaches of the universe. Armed with his personal mecha Durandal, Subaru must fend off encroaching foreign colonies as he struggles to protect his personal sanctuary from rogue fried pork skewers, suffocating backwards shirts, and unsolicited redecorations. In the year Space Age 0156, the fate of humanity rests entirely in his hands. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the new series, Lupin III will travel to France — the home of his grandfather and namesake, Maurice Leblanc's master thief character Arsène Lupin. (Source: ANN)
The anime centers on two protagonists. Koma Jinguji (Jay) is the smart and handsome student council president. His elegant smile captures the hearts of women. Tsubasa Hayakawa is a multi-talented and gentle shop assistant at a café. His cafe latte with owl latte art is very popular with female customers. The two men travel through time to fight their archenemy. The charming "Butlers," as they are called, fight supernatural battles and also experience a slapstick comedic life at their academy. (Source: ANN)
Four men—Gure, Sui, Tokitaka, and Tsubaki—each help run a Japanese tea shop together called Rokuhoudou. When one visits the shop, they are greeted warmly, served with tea, and are often helped with any problems they may have. (Source: MAL News)
Rin, an energetic girl who loves to eat, lives in a verdant frontier village. Deep within the royal palace in the bustling capital city, the songstress Finis spends her days in solitude. Both share a special power no other person has. A miraculous power that can heal wounds, create water and stir the wind—the power of song. Guided by destiny, the two young women each face an arduous journey with the power of song. The shadow of war looms over the kingdom, tainting even the miraculous songs with the blood of innocents. Loved ones meet their deaths as silent screams echo through a stone prison. As two destinies intersect, will the final song be one of despair, hope or...? (Source: ANN)
Daigo is born as the son of Gorou, a father who is too great. What path will Daigo, who is burdened with great expectations, take in baseball? (Source: ANN)
The second cour of Hoozuki no Reitetsu season 2.
Inazuma Eleven Ares will be set in a parallel world, taking place after the events of the first game, and develop the story from the perspectives of three protagonists—Ryouhei Haizaki, Asuto Inamori, and Yuuma Nosaka. The story revolves around a group of boys living on an island who love to play soccer. Their soccer club is suddenly abolished, and the only way they can regain it is to win the Football Frontier. Protagonist Asuto Inamori and company leave the island for Tokyo to attend Raimon Junior High School and take on the Football Frontier. But their first match is against the number one-ranked Seishou Gakuen. (Source: Gematsu)
Gunpla Battle Nexus Online (GBN) is a new network game that lets people enjoy a variety of missions using Gunpla in a virtual cyberspace dimension. Middle-school students Riku Mikami and Yukio Hidaka recruit their classmate Momoka Yashiro and dive together into this vast world. Becoming "Divers," or inhabitants of GBN, they meet a mysterious girl named Sarah who has an amazing sensitivity to Gunpla. They begin playing alongside her, but... There are many other famous Divers, starting with Kyoya Kujo, the champion whom Riku admires. Multiple Divers can join to form a team called a "force." Meanwhile, the game is disrupted by Mass-Divers who use unofficial tools called break decals. Through many encounters and experiences, Riku and his friends will build not only Gunpla, but their own adventures as well! (Source: Gundam Wiki)
The forces of evil are on the rise. When the evil mastermind Sister Jill transforms one of her girls into the bestial Breast Claw and sends her minions out on a mission involving the group Panther Claw and a jewelry store heist, Honey Kisaragi departs from her Catholic girls' school to confront the threat as Cutie Honey. But that's exactly what Sister Jill wants, as she desires Honey's Airborne Element Fixing Device, which allows her to transform into Honey's seven different forms. Meanwhile, Sister Jill is also on the scene in disguise as Inspector Genet, trying to worm her way into Honey's confidence from a different angle. (Source: ANN)
Framed and sent to Kokuyoku Prison for embezzlement, Hina Saotome desperately wants to prove her innocence. However, just when she thought her situation couldn't get any worse, she realizes that she is the only woman in a prison populated by men. But she may have even more to fear from Aki Myojin, a handsome and stern warden who is intent on punishing her for an unknown reason. Although the warden's treatment is unconventional, Hina's body soon begins to long for Aki's particular brand of discipline. But has this hypnotizing man, who has captivated her body, captured her heart as well? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Professor Layton's daughter, Katrielle Layton, runs the Layton Detective Agency together with the talking dog Sherl and her assistant Ernest, and solves strange cases that happen everyday in London. Originally, she started the job with the purpose of finding her father, Hershel Layton, who had disappeared suddenly, but her incredible ability to solve puzzles made her well-known and she receives numerous requests. (Source: Layton Wiki)
Nori Kamitsuki moved from Chiba to Gunma prefecture as he begins to attend high school. There, he has received a warning from his classmate that "No one comes back alive from Gunma," and found more negative information as he looked it up on the net. In the midst of confusion and extreme culture shock, he has gotten himself involved with Gunma's rivals, Tochigi and Ibaraki prefecture. (Source: MAL News)
This is the story of Natsunosuke Honda, a pro baseball player—a relief pitcher who has been playing pro in a team called Spiders for 8 years. The team operates as a highly-stratified society, where the player's performance determines his annual salary. Natsunosuke is one of the highest paid players in the game. He measures how good players are by how much money they make, and he intends to be on top and stay there, and as such is always looking for players to challenge and does everything to insure that he is better than they are. (Source: MAL News)
In the northern Kanto area in Japan, there is Binan City… At Binan High School, as per usual, the “Earth Defense Club (lol)” was a club that did nothing. The club members Kyoutarou Shuzenji, Ryouma Kirishima, Nanao Wakura, Taishi Manza, and Ichiro Dogou nonchalantly enjoyed tea while having pointless conversations that amount to nothing. All of them have now gathered at Kurotama Bath after school. When Ryouma pulls Kyoutarou Shuzenji by his arm out of water that he claims feels too good, together with his towel comes a pretty boy in strange clothing. These five boys are then dragged into a battle for the heir of the magical kingdom, Honila Land... (Source: KA)
Aine Yuuki who is a regular student at Star Harmony Academy's normal division and meets Mio Minato from idol division who invites her to join Aikatsu to fulfill Aine's goal to make friends. She also befriends Maika Chouno and Ema Hinata who are also idols. Aine and Mio form a pair to become best friends to become the bright "Diamond Friends". Karen Kamishiro and Mirai Asuku are categorized as "Diamond Friends" and are in the Diamond Class!  (Source: Wikipedia)
Third season of the Nobunaga no Shinobi series.
The main protagonist Sendou Aichi, is a timid and mundane third-year middle school boy. The thing that supported Aichi's heart, was the "Blaster Blade" card that he received as a child. It's an important rare card from "Vanguard", a card game with the imaginary world of "Planet Cray" as its stage. From the day he reunited with the person who gave him that card "Toshiki Kai", Aichi's everyday life began to change. (Source: Crunchyroll)
12-year-old Oriko Seki, who lost her parents in a car accident, ended up living in her grandmother's Onsen Ryokan "Haru no Ya." With the ghost "Uribou" cohabitating with her and all the other odds, she ended up training to be a young female innkeeper. At first, she didn't like the training, but gradually felt her admiration for her title and began to train seriously. Thus, the growth of the young warrior Oriko begins. (Source: MAL News)
A Nico Live broadcast of BanG Dream! franchise on Monday has announced a spin-off anime featuring one of the units in the franchise, Pastel*Palettes. Titled Pastel Life, the slice-of-life series is yet to announce its type and broadcast details. (Source: MAL News)
(No synopsis yet.)
 First-year middle school girls Mirai Momoyama and Emo Moegi are two aspiring idols who decide to use the "Pri☆Chan System," a system used by famous people and companies to broadcast content. Like many girls starting their own channels and uploading content, the pair decide to become their own producers, starting their own channel in an attempt to become Pri☆Chan idols. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The second season of Koneko no Chii: Ponponra Daibouken is an original story written by mangaka Kanata Konami with "travel" as theme.
Taking place after the events of the fourth film, the series centers on 11 yr old Keisuke Amano, Natsume's younger brother (both of whom are the children of Keita Amano and Fumika Kodama of the original Youkai Watch anime) who doesn't believe in any supernatural phenomenon around him. But as he notices his sister is frequently comes back home late, he decided to stalk her, only to find out she is doing her duties exorcising evil Youkai alongside her friends Touma and Akinori, and running a Yo-Kai detective agency. With their secret revealed to him, Natsume decided to let him tag along in her activities as they investigate Youkai crimes and take on evil Youkai to maintain peace all over the city.  (Source: Wiki)
The fifth season of Future Card Buddyfight.
(No synopsis yet.)
The story is set in modern day Japan following the growth of the protagonist Taiga Akashi, an elementary school kid who wants to be a professional gamer someday.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
The story centers on Matthew, a daydreaming worrywart of a rabbit. Matthew also has two friends: Keron, a pessimistic frog who is fond of good-luck charms; and Ham, a hamster of few words and who moves through life at his own pace. The story follows the three animals' everyday lives within a mysterious forest.  (Source: ANN)
Third season of Shounen Ashibe: Go! Go! Goma-chan.
The series follows the black cat Monroe and the human Yoppy and their "normal and special everyday lives." (Source: ANN)
The series follows a detective with a head shaped like a butt.
(No synopsis yet.)
The anime follows the frogs Kekkero and Ke who try to find their 998 other siblings.  (Source: ANN)
Third season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
(No synopsis yet.)
An adult comedy series about a film crew of banana men who work for a television station. In order to boost ratings they have to follow the absurd requests of the boss.
The anime is set on the titular Musical Note Island, where the god of music is said to reside. The island is home to "instrument animals," who are born from music energy, and have parts of their body composed of a musical instrument. One day, a witch arrives at the island. The warrior girl Cara must go on a journey to defeat the witch and win back the peace on the island. (Source: ANN)
Sixth season of the Washimo series.
In honor of the 2018 World Cup, this season of GG Bond focuses on sports team competition, team spirit, and personal growth as they compete in the Meteor League. 
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
In the distant future, humanity has been driven to near-extinction by giant beasts known as Klaxosaurs, forcing the surviving humans to take refuge in massive fortress cities called Plantations. Children raised here are trained to pilot giant mechas known as FranXX—the only weapons known to be effective against the Klaxosaurs—in boy-girl pairs. Bred for the sole purpose of piloting these machines, these children know nothing of the outside world and are only able to prove their existence by defending their race.  Hiro, an aspiring FranXX pilot, has lost his motivation and self-confidence after failing an aptitude test. Skipping out on his class' graduation ceremony, Hiro retreats to a forest lake, where he encounters a mysterious girl with two horns growing out of her head. She introduces herself by her codename Zero Two, which is known to belong to an infamous FranXX pilot known as the "Partner Killer." Before Hiro can digest the encounter, the Plantation is rocked by a sudden Klaxosaur attack. Zero Two engages the creature in her FranXX, but it is heavily damaged in the skirmish and crashes near Hiro. Finding her partner dead, Zero Two invites Hiro to pilot the mecha with her, and the duo easily defeats the Klaxosaur in the ensuing fight. With a new partner by his side, Hiro has been given a chance at redemption for his past failures, but at what cost? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The fierce battle between Meliodas, the captain of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the Great Holy Knight Hendrickson has devastating consequences. Armed with the fragments necessary for the revival of the Demon Clan, Hendrickson breaks the seal, allowing the Commandments to escape, all of whom are mighty warriors working directly under the Demon King himself. Through a mysterious connection, Meliodas instantly identifies them; likewise, the 10 Commandments, too, seem to sense his presence. As the demons leave a path of destruction in their wake, the Seven Deadly Sins must find a way to stop them before the Demon Clan drowns Britannia in blood and terror. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically. When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno's Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno's voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal—to become the Wizard King! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja. Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life. New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto: Naruto Next Generations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The disastrous life of the gifted psychic Kusuo Saiki continues, despite his utmost effort to live an ordinary life. Although he has certainly grown accustomed to dealing with his troublesome friends—who are his biggest hurdle to achieving a peaceful life—he still has a long way to go. Also joining the usual oddballs are a few new faces whose shenanigans add to Saiki's misery, making his dreams of a hassle-free life a distant fantasy. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The continent of Atlatan once again finds itself devoured by the flames of war after a horrific event known as the Great Hall Tragedy. What was supposed to be a joyful occasion that would establish peace between the Fantasia Union and the Factory Alliance, the marriage of Sir Alexis Douse and Lady Marrine Kreische, was instead a tragedy. As the bride and groom walked down the aisle, the ceremony was suddenly interrupted by a powerful convergence of "Chaos," a dark energy from another dimension that corrupts the land and brings forth monsters and demons into the world. From within that energy appeared the Demon Lord of Diabolos, an evil being who instantly murdered the archdukes of both factions, shattering any hope for peace between them.  Having failed to prevent this disaster, Siluca Meletes, an Alliance mage, is traveling through the Chaos-infested countryside to study under a master magician. When she is intercepted by a group of soldiers working with the Federation, Siluca is rescued by Theo Cornaro, a young warrior carrying a mysterious "Crest," a magical symbol that gives its wielder the ability to banish Chaos. Bearing no allegiance to a specific domain, Theo hopes to attain the rank of Lord so that he can liberate his home town of Sistina from its tyrannical ruler and the Chaos spreading within it. Impressed by his noble goal, Siluca enters into a magical contract with Theo, and the two embark on a journey to restore balance to their war-torn land. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With great advancements in technology, mankind has created hIEs, human-like robots that act as public and personal servants for society. Unlike many others, the kind-hearted high school student Arato Endou treats hIEs as equals, but his financial situation keeps him from ever owning one. However, his normal life is shattered when an ordinary run to the local grocery store goes horribly awry. Viciously assaulted by a hacked hIE, Arato is on the verge of death; but luckily, he is saved by an abnormal hIE carrying a weaponized coffin. Her name is Lacia, one of five highly advanced hIEs that recently escaped the clutches of the mysterious MemeFrame Corporation. Faced with a hacked car threatening to run them over, Lacia offers Arato a deal: in exchange for saving his life, he must register as her new owner, thus taking full responsibility for her actions. With little choice, he decides to trust this artificial girl and allows her to live in his home. Though Lacia begins to adapt to her new, peaceful lifestyle, she warns the entranced Arato of one thing—she does not have a soul. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With all of the Clow Cards recaptured and changed into her own Sakura Cards, Sakura Kinomoto now enters her first year at Tomoeda Middle School. After her initial day of classes, Sakura reunites with her love Shaoran Li, who informs her that he is permanently moving back to Tomoeda. Much to her surprise, it even turns out that Shaoran will attend the same school and it seems as if Sakura's life is heading in all the right directions. However, when Sakura goes to sleep, she encounters in her dream a mysterious cloaked figure and finds herself surrounded by transparent cards. Waking up in fear, Sakura is shocked to see her dream has come true, with the Sakura Cards having turned clear. Continued dreamlike encounters with the unknown enemy and her gaining a new magical key sets the stage for Cardcaptor Sakura's latest adventure! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Throughout history, an elite group of shrine maidens known as "Toji" have saved the world from "Aratama," strange and malevolent beings bent on destroying humanity. In modern times, these warriors have been assigned to a special police squad to exterminate Aratama. The government has also set up five elite schools across the country to provide young girls the necessary sword fighting skills to eradicate these monsters and eventually join their fellow Toji in protecting the world. A student of one of those five schools, Kanami Etou is chosen to represent Minoseki Academy in a sword fighting tournament, where she meets the mysterious Hiyori Juujou. Although Kanami and Hiyori rise to the top of the tournament, their battle takes an unexpected turn, throwing the world of the Toji into chaos. Likely that the Toji are facing betrayal from within, the two are forced to flee the tournament, clashing with former comrades on the way. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Fourth season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.
It has been 10 years since the war between the Iga and Kouga ninja clans came to an end. The two groups have since made peace, supposedly dispelling the animosity that once existed between them. Hachirou Kouga and Hibiki Iga, the successors of their respective bloodlines, seem to have the perfect conditions for their love to bloom, but not everyone is satisfied with the results of the age-old battle. Different tales of the final showdown between Gennosuke Kouga and Oboro Iga have spread, leaving Tadanaga Tokugawa—whom the Kouga represented—dissatisfied. As tension between the two clans rises once again, the brewing political climate threatens to keep the two fated lovers apart, just as it had in the previous generation.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.  One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago. (Source: ASCII.jp)
Working at an agency owned by your father, seven new idols await. They are all part of an idol unit IDOLiSH7, and each of them have unique personalities. It is your task to manage them. In order to achieve the same goals, as manager and idols together, you gather the seven ununified hearts and aim for the top. (Source: MAL News)
In this new season, we will discover the backstory of Tanmoki and who will learn through his memories who was his ancestor Rakugetsu. (Source: ANN)
When his clan is wiped out by a beautiful demon, young Taikobo finds himself in charge of the mysterious Houshin Project. Its mission: find all immortals living in the human world and seal them away forever. But who do you trust—and whose side are you really on—when you've been trained to hunt demons by a demon? (Source: VIZ Media)
Nono Hana is an 8th grade student who wants to be a stylish and mature big sister like figure. She always puts on a lovely smile and loves to search for exciting things. One day, Hana meets a baby named Hug-tan and her guardian fairy named Harry who had fallen from the sky. At that exact moment, an evil organization called Dark Tomorrow suddenly appeared! They're trying to forcefully take Hug-tan's Mirai Crystal! In order to protect Hug-tan, Hana wishes to do something to help her, and her wish is granted, as she gains a Mirai Crystal and transforms into Cure Yell. The world is overflowed with Tomorrow Powerer, which is the power to create a brilliant tomorrow, which is crystallized into the Mirai Crystals. If it's stolen, everyone's future will not exist. To protect Hug-tan and everyone's future, Cure Yell will do her best! (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki)
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes. (Source: ANN)
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
Hayato Hayasugi (his last name is a pun on the words for "too fast") and other children will serve as conductors to pilot the Shinkalion. The Shinkalion robots are various models of real-life Japanese bullet trains (shinkansen) that transform into robots to fight an unknown evil to protect the safety and peace of Japan. The children must work together with the adults of the Shinkansen Ultra Evolution Institute (SUEI) to defeat a monster that looks like a jet black bullet train. (Source: TBS Global Business)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The sound of yodeling will appear when you least expect it. 
Based on the characters created by Study.
The series stars a cat with a lack of energy who speaks while lying down, yet has a thorough personality. He thinks various things and has fun watching humans.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
The series centers around two cats: a younger sister named Neko, and an older brother named Mata. Neko is a nekomata (a mythical two-tailed cat), innocently selfish, and spoiled by her brother. Mata is a neighborhood cat with an eartipped mark as a sign of being neutered. They meet under a streetlight in the city at night to talk. (Source: ANN)
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
A tourism promotional anime for the Akita prefecture. Highlighting Akita cuisine, actors, landmarks, etc. through the banter of two high school friends who are a red oni and an akita (dog breed). 
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
A fifth-year elementary student named Eiji Tōmatsu, and his "inspiration" buddy, a dog named Pochirou. One day Eiji finds a mysterious book called the "Pikachin Research Book," and learns about the seven tools that make up the Pikachin Kit. Eiji presses a button inside the research book, and immediately a "Future Amazon" delivery arrives at his door with the kit. Eiji uses the blueprints included in the box to assemble the kit, but it seems as though 1% part of the kit is still missing.  In the franchise, the word "Pikachin" means the flash of inspiration or insight one gets about a new project, similar to the visual of a lightbulb turning on above one's head when someone has an idea. The concept of the franchise is "invention is 99% plastic models, 1% inspiration."  (Source: ANN)
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Sequel to Panpaka Pants W-O-New!. 
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
10 years ago, a mysterious stone which looks just like an egg was found. This egg turns out to be an ancient legendary Dragon Egg and it later transformed in to a dragon. People call this the ‘First Hatching’ and found out that they are able to use a dragon’s powerful energy only if they can speak the language of dragon. Soon after they found out this, an international society choose talented children to communicate with dragon and train them to carry out impossible missions. This group of children are called as Knights of Dragon. The Knights of Dragon carry out impossible missions successfully by finding dragons and their language hidden all around the world. Everything working out great only before they got attack from Defectors… (Source: Official YouTube channel)
(No synopsis yet.)
Gonglyong Mecard is a spin-off-series of Mecard, based on the idea that dinosaurs didn't become extinct 65 million years ago, but transformed into mecanimals. Its characters don't have any relations to the cast from Turning Mecard, Turning Mecard W and Turning Mecard R. (Source: Gonglyong Mecard Wikia)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
The main character is the mysterious lifeform Oochopus. In the series, the Oochopus appears at the house of five-year-old Kantarou and three-year-old An-chan. Kantarou and An-chan accept the cute but somewhat irresponsible Oochopus as family. (Source: ANN)
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The series follows a young girl named Shina who hopes to become the world's best DJ, and is interested in new sounds. Shina explores a mysterious world filled with Otoppe, strange creatures capable of unique sounds.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Fairies living in a fluffy forest, where both flowers and trees are fluffy. Follow a witch's trouble-maker apprentices Pui Pui and Muu Muu. 
Fourth season of Dayan the Cat.
An animated adaptation of the mobile game of the same name. Each episode is composed of two stories. The story is set in the future, after the destruction of machine civilization which leaves humans in a more primitive state. Dinosaurs, woolly mammoths, saber-tooth tigers, etc. roam free, as their species were brought back to life and modified to be friendlier thanks to cloning fossil samples during the machine civilization era. Children can become Stone Leaders by having one of these creatures as a "pet" which they can do friendly battles with against others.
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
Unicorn no Kyupi is a helpful sprite that lives in the kitchen and polishes dirty pots and pans clean with its fluffy white body. Harigorou, a rival sprite shaped like a hedgehog, tries to interfere.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Cappy (an anthropomorphic baseball cap) and Knitty (an anthropomorphic knitted hat) help residents of their town with small tasks and acts of kindness.
A short anime that airs within "Enkame: That's Enka Tainment" (and enka variety show) program on Asahi TV. It follows a cast of ice cream characters.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
The Soul Tree, the great source of our race. But for its ultimate power and by those whose minds were blinded by it, it also became the catastrophic cause that had brought never-ending wars between the tribes. Tortured by the agonies of the wars, the leaders of the tribes finally came to a peace agreement that they would instead open a competition. Players, equipped with special watches and shields, compete against each other as winner’s tribe would be awarded with Materion, the sacred fruit of the Soul Tree. These brave players, who throw themselves in this fierce fight, we call them the Runningman. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
The protagonist, Baki Hanma, trains with an intense focus to become strong enough to surpass his father, Yujiro Hanma, the strongest fighter in the world. Five of the world's most violent and brutal death row inmates are gathering to face Baki. Their objective is to taste defeat -- their unmatched strength and skill have led them to grow bored of life itself, and they now seek out Baki in the hopes that he can overwhelm and utterly crush them. In this crisis, other underground martial art warriors gather to fight by Baki's side: Kaoru Hanayama, Gouki Shibukawa, Retsu Kaioh, and Doppo Orochi. An epic showdown between violent death row inmates and Baki and his friends begins! (Source: Netflix)
Some offices have stereotypical dynamics: the chauvinistic pig of a boss who never does any real work; the employees whose goal is to suck up to the boss; the ones whose lives seem perfect; and the individuals who have all the actual work pushed onto them. Retsuko the red panda is in the last group, as she stays late most nights to make up the work her coworkers are too lazy to do themselves. Her relief from the stress of her everyday life comes in the form of singing death metal at a local karaoke club. Night after night, Retsuko channels her grief into a microphone and considers the place to be her own personal sanctuary. But as she moves further away from her comfort zone and the ideas people have of her, she discovers that letting others into her world of death metal may not be such a bad thing. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
With the threat of the Holy Grail War no longer looming over Fuyuki City, its inhabitants can finally enjoy a time of peace. Now that all of the Masters and Servants have adjusted to their new mundane lives, Shirou has taken it upon himself to cook for his household and show Saber the wonders of modern cuisine. Every day, he ventures into the marketplace to see what kind of different meals he can cook up with unique ingredients and a limited budget. However, his legendary skills often attract uninvited guests from all over the city, so there is never a dull moment at dinner with the Emiya family. As his guests entertain themselves in the living room, Shirou walks through the step-by-step process of creating some of his favorite meals. With delicacies such as his savory New Year soba with shrimp tempura, steamy foil-baked salmon, and cheesy bamboo shoot gratin, everything is up for grabs on his menu. Itadakimasu! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Based on the All-Star tournament from novel.
Tanis's parents are mad scientists who live outside of normal society. They locked up their own children on an isolated island and did experiments on them in secret, turning Tanis's older brother and three older sisters into strange creatures. One day, their parents were arrested, and the siblings were moved to another island by the welfare office. The trouble is that none of the siblings except Tanis know how to interact in modern day society...  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Following the first season's gag action theme, the second season titled To Be Heroine features an original story and a new set of characters. You is about to leave home when she suddenly enters an incredible world. Appearing in front of her is an eight-year-old naked boy, and before she could even grasp the situation, she's attacked by assassins from a mafia group who were chasing the young boy. What was even more unrealistic for You was that the leader of this mafia was another assassin's attack. Who are those naked kids, why did her shoe turn into a warrior and above all, what kind of world did eight-year-old boy come from? Just like the first one, he's also almost naked! While trying to escape from the attackers, You loses one of her shoes and by a strange kind of magic, her shoe turned into a warrior who was able to save her by blocking the You enter? (Source: MAL News)
The novels center on a bar called "Nobu"—located in Kyoto, Japan, but with a door that is connected to the bar in another world. The visitors include denizens of the other world, and customers seek out its excellent "Toriaezu Nama" ale and cuisine. (Source: ANN)
Long before Kenshiro said, "You're already dead," a different Kenshiro walked the violent streets of Shanghai. The city is in constant crisis as two mafia families battle one another for supremacy. In the crossfire, a little girl named Erika is orphaned and soon taken under the wing of martial artist Liu Fei-Yan. Sorrow seems to follow the girl, as every time Fei-Yan attempts to hand her off, her new guardians end up dead. Fei-Yan decides to bring the girl to a man named Guise but instead crosses paths with powerful Kenshiro Kasumi. (Source: ANN)
One day, while being attacked, Chang Tian unintentionally invokes an artifact called Xiao Bai that protects him from a terrible fate. After this, he finds himself on a battlefield, where he will fight alongside several other people like him, able to invoke artifacts...
This is a 2:15 (4:30 including the rerun) short created to promote the (JRA) Japan Racing Association's Umabi service. The short is interactive originally, insofar as you can create your own character who will then appear in the audience at given points in the short. This video uses the default character provided. VAs used in the short: First half: Popuko: Mikako Komatsu Pipimi: Sumire Uesaka Second half: Popuko: Ryuusei Nakao Pipimi: Norio Wakamoto This is the same combination of VAs that was used for episode 3 of the TV series. (Source: MyaaSubs)
Short anime inspired by the iOS and Android mobile game God Eater Resonant Ops.
Chu Yuan is at the palace courtroom while Duan Baiyue is at the Southwest. Everyone believes they’re in opposition to each other, but turns out that may not be the case. Chu Yuan needs to become a good Emperor, and Duan Baiyue will be his best assistant. (Source: Frozen Fruit Subs)
Ayato transfers into a new school hoping for a fresh start. Sadly for him, the school turns up to be filled with delinquents, and the most feared of them all has his eye set on him. And it doesn't help, that whenever Ayato accidentally takes off his glasses, everyone around him suddenly becomes completely smitten by him. (Source: MU)
Short anime series of Golden Kamuy streamed on the official website.
In the year of 2013, the tide of zombies outbreak exploded in everyone's homeland, humanity launches a large-scale battle in the endless nights awaiting for the arrival of the dawn. The end is approaching, is there going to be a way out for them? Their faiths were shattered into pieces and buried in ashes in the raging fire. But within the blazing fire, a newborn hope arise once again. (Source: polarbearadise)
The hilarious adventures of the eldest apprentice of a sect who has a problem with his brain. Dongfang Xianyun is reincarnated as the eldest disciple of the Care-free sect. But the only thing that goes through his mind is to make sure he doesn't end up dying by the hands of the "main character". Read as he makes no sense to his sibling disciples while avoiding flags left and right. (Source: MoroseTrans)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Web shorts focusing on each of the 22/7 idols in normal everyday life.
(No synopsis yet.)
Recap episode of Seikaisuru Kado, also known as Episode 12.5.
(No synopsis yet.)
When a school girl takes shelter from the rain at a bus stop, a middle-aged man comes... After some time of chatting the man, frustrated about the way his family is treating him, suddenly assaults and r*pes her over and over again.  (Source: DLsite)
Short anime about professional shogi player Karolina Styczyńska.
The courtyard is awash with cherry blossom petals, appearing especially beautiful in the moonlight. Kagura, waking up, sits in the hallway facing the courtyard, "The courtyard at night, seems like something can happen anytime......" Suddenly a butterfly glides past, its scales glittering. Kochou no Sei: That's right. Nighttime is indeed suitable for telling stories. Kagura grows sleepy under the influence of dust. Kochou no Sei: After Kagura-sama falls asleep - that will be the beginning of the story in the dream! (Source: Onmyoji Wiki)
The hilarious everyday lives of ancient deities and mythical creatures in the modern world.
Oragon lived a lonely life all by himself, until one day he was pulled into a mysterious new dimension. There he learns that an incredibly powerful enemy will attack in six months, destroying his beloved Monster Strike forever! Now Oragon must gather allies in the Strike World to save Monster Strike! It is animated in full CG unlike its predecessor. (Source: Official YouTube Channel)
A tourism promotion anime for Ogaki City in the Gifu Prefecture. It is based on Oam Monogatari, a book about a woman who spent her coming-of-age during the Sengoku Era. Oam is the main character and is the daughter of Yamada Kyoreki who is a vassal to the warlord Ishida Mitsunari. It offered one of the few historical viewpoints of an noble teen/woman's life during the wars.  The anime jumps between past the present as we learn about Oam's struggles at Ogaki Castle (which would become ground zero for Battle of Sekigahara which established Tokugawa as the shogunate), and how Oam escaped with her mother in the dead of night.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A puppet parody of the Tales of franchise, filled with gags and help explain the popular RPG to newcomers.
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Short anime based on band Kuusou Iinkai's songs and written by the vocalist Ryuuichi Miura. The theme song is also done by Kuusou Iinkai.
A music video-style advertisement for Lotte's Yukimi Daifuku, a mochi ice cream.
A promotional anime for Ongeki, SEGA's new arcade music rhythm game. The arcade game's debut is set for Summer 2018.
A Calpis (Calpico in the US) commissioned short about the history of the company and how their product is made today. A few scenes use live-action footage. The short is animated by Takaharu Shimizu who used a Rube Goldberg style of story telling.
15th Century Japan is ravaged by constant wars, as the lords of the realm seek to rule the land. Having lost your father in battle, you are working in the restaurant he left your mother and little brother...when an evil magistrate sends your little brother away...to become a poison taster! To save his life, you disguise yourself as a boy and go to the castle in his place...but what awaits you there is so much more! "I'll show you all...my divine rule!" In the Sengoku era...love is the most dangerous battle of all!  (Source: Voltage)
Sega has released the opening movie for Wonder Gravity: Pino To Juuryoku Tsukai on its official YouTube channel for its upcoming smartphone adventure RPG from developer f4samurai. The game is scheduled to be released sometime later this year. The opening movie features the theme song "Splash!!!" by Japanese rock band Mrs. Green Apple, which was made specifically for the game and is featured on their third album, "Ensemble." (Source: Gematsu)
(No synopsis yet.)
A Matsue City collaboration anime with Eagle Talon. A young Matsudaira Harusato (aka Matsudaira Fumai) who was once the ruled of Matsue time slips to the present. Yoshida ends up explaining Fumai's achievements to Fumai himself.
A collaboration between the Eagle Talon franchise and I-O Data (a Japanese computer peripheral manufacturer), primarily promoting the latter's IPv6 products.
On a small island, Seven, an assassin who can disguise himself as anything, carries out various assassinations at a low price, charging only 567 yuan for each mission. (Source: Annecy)
A web-exclusive short of Aware! Meisaku-kun where the characters wonder what 7th grade will be like. As the end of the 2nd season (aka episode 78) in the main anime, the students graduated the 6th grade. The short breaks the 4th wall as the characters also request the viewer to continue watching the show with the 3rd season starting on April 6th.
(No synopsis yet.)
Real-life former SKE48 idol Airi Furukawa stars as herself, Airin, in a self made short manga she draws. The anime adaptation of her manga features odd characters such as a bewitched stuff bear and others named after mushrooms. The work is full of cuteness, laughs, and bizarre nonsense bordering surrealness.
A collaboration between Kamiusagi Rope and Nagano City Gas. The individual episodes were shown for 1 week on Nagano Broadcasting Systems official YouTube channel and website. Then later on the following Mezamashi Doyoubi (Saturday) broadcast. The goal was to inform people that Nagano City Gas' office has a wide variety of services such as a showroom showcasing remodeled gas kitchens, how to make sure you aren't losing money from bathroom heating, etc.
Promotional anime for Tokyo Outer Ring Road (GAIKAN).
The 3-minute animated promotional short for the Chinese MOBA of the same name.
An entirely 3DCG Happy Birthday episode of Kensaku to Enjin. It was meant to congratulate the viewer's birthday rather than it being the birthday/anniversary of the Kensaku to Enjin franchise or Yahoo! who owns the franchise.
The story of the franchise takes place in a large shopping area called "Yayoimachi" where gods and ayakashi (supernatural monsters) are rumored to appear. The Seishu no Miko (refined sake princes) work at the "Matsuyoian" drinking establishment there as shop-keeps, learning the way of Japan's famed omotenashi (hospitality).  (Source: ANN)
Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd commissioned commercials. This entry includes: "Jouhouteikyou ni Tsuite" an informative piece about how the company information provision.  "Okusuri Nomeru ka na?" a musical video for mothers and children. It tries to help facilitate children to taking their medicine through a happy song with other animals. It was created in conjunction with tricks and psychology from the Osaka Maternal and Childcare Center as well as the Japan Acoustic Laboratory.
Bundled with the 24th, 25th, and 26th volumes of the Shingeki no Kyojin manga. 
Bundled with the 29th volume of the Shokugeki no Souma manga. It tells the story of what happened to Erina after she ran away from her father.
What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass? The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla." The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed. (Source: Official website)
Yui Yamada, a timid girl who enjoys tending to her school's greenery, falls in love with the boyish and athletic Tomoka Kase. The two eventually begin dating, and the story follows the pair as they face various challenges in their relationship. (Source: Wikipedia)
(No synopsis yet.)
Included with the premium collection release of the PS4 remake of Utawarerumono: Chiriyukumono e no Komoriuta. The anime will tell the story of Kuon's childhood days.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
The flyer from this year's AnimeJapan 2017 event revealed that Vatican Kiseki Chousakan will receive an OVA episode. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
One month has passed since the disaster, and a ceremony is to be held at Buckingham Palace - a festival dedicated to peace and restoration. (Source: Wakanim.tv)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A knightess Luna goes out to rescue the Princess Jill who has been abducted. While gathering information, she sells herself to a slave trader Batil. On the other hand, Jill is restrained at an underground slave auction. There she is exhibited as an object to be sold and eventually loses her virginity. Despite Luna's effort to save her, Luna also falls into the hands of the villain. Cless comes to rescue them, but... (Source: DLsite)
The anime depicts an original story before Kaho arrives, when Yuki and Natsu have just met in Okinawa. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
An educational anime part of the "Save our mother earth" project made to raise the awareness about global warming.
An educational anime part of the "Save our mother earth" project made to raise the awareness about global warming.
Mizore Yoroizuka and Nozomi Kasaki are two close friends who are part of the Kitauji High School music club. Quiet and reserved Yoroizuka plays the oboe while lively and popular Kasaki plays the flute. The group has decided to play Liz and the Blue Bird, a song inspired on a fairy tale about the relationship between a girl and a bird. The musical piece puts both Mizore and Nozomi on the spotlight due to a solo part by Yoroizuka and forces the two girls to reexamine their friendship. (Source: ANN)
This is the third and final part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime.  (Source: Wikipedia, ANN)
Batman Ninja takes a journey across the ages as Gorilla Grodd's time displacement machine transports many of Batman's worst enemies to feudal Japan—along with the Dark Knight and a few of his allies. The villains take over the forms of the feudal lords that rule the divided land, with the Joker taking the lead among the warring factions. As his traditional high-tech weaponry is exhausted almost immediately, Batman must rely on his intellect and his allies—including Catwoman and the extended Bat-family—to restore order to the land, and return to present-day Gotham City. (Source: Warner Bros.)
Sixth and final Digimon Adventure tri film. 
By the advent of the 21st century, much of humanity was dead, having been trampled over by a new master, Godzilla. A select few among mankind took to the stars in a spacefaring vessel called the Aratrum in search of "the promised land," the planet Tau-e that could sustain human life. But the migration plan fails, and the remnants of the human race decide to return to Earth. But the distortions in space-time and the distance traveled means that mankind is returning to a completely changed Earth some 20,000 years later. The returnees, led by hero Haruo, prepare to take the fight to Godzilla based on a strategy that has been 20 years in the making. Carried out with the help of two alien species, the Exif and the Bilusaludo, the humans succeed in defeating Godzilla in a costly battle to the death. But the victory is short-lived. Rising from the depths of the planet is a new breed of monster, dubbed "Godzilla Earth." Evolving for 20,000 years, the creature stands 300 meters high, weighs over 100,000 tons and wields such overwhelmingly destructive power that Haruo and company have no choice but to run for their lives. Coming to Haruo's rescue, however, is Miana, a member of an aboriginal tribe called the Houtua. They are the first humanoid people the returnees have encountered. Could they descend from humans? "Our tribal god was destroyed by Godzilla. All that we have left are these eggs. Anyone who has tried to fight or resist him has been drowned in fire," the tribespeople say to Haruo, who responds with: "This is our last hope of recovering our home." Meanwhile, Bilusaludo commander, Galu-gu is elated to discover that the Houtua tribe's arrowheads are made of a nanometal or a self-sustaining metal. It had been developed in the 21st century as an "anti-Godzilla" killer weapon deployed at their decisive battle fought at the foot of Mt. Fuji, but had been destroyed before it could be activated in the form of a "Mecha-Godzilla." The nanometal was its base substance, and proof that the manufacturing plant can still be used. (Source: Official site)
The film's story will deal with Misono Alicein's past. (Source: ANN)
In the film's story, there is a sudden explosion at Tokyo Summit's giant Edge of Ocean facility. The shadow of Tooru Amuro, who works for the National Police Agency Security Bureau as Zero, appears at the site. In addition, the "triple-face" character is known as Rei Furuya as a detective and Kogorou Mouri's apprentice, and he is also known as Bourbon as a Black Organization member. Kogorou is arrested as a suspect in the case of the explosion. Conan conducts an investigation to prove Kogorou's innocence, but Amuro gets in his way. (Source: ANN)
A series of side stories of Donten ni Warau series. Some of the stories take place before and some after the end of the main series.
Although traumatized by witnessing the murder of his parents by one of the Choushuu, Ichimura Tetsunosuke's thirst for revenge leads him to desire strength. At the age of 15, Tetsunosuke approached the Shinsengumi, wanting to become one of its members. However, Tetsunosuke lacked the skill, mind, and will to emotionlessly cut down whoever threatened peace and the Shinsengumi. Even with the support of his brother Tatsunosuke and his newfound friends of the Shinsengumi, little did Tetsunosuke know the blood and pain he would have to face being part of this historical group.
Shin-chan is all set to challenge Kung Fu in the Chinatown of Kasukabe city, known as "Aiya Town." Shinnosuke and Kasukabe Defence Group are going to put up a totally no-stunt Kung Fu challenge on the stage. (Source: Wikipedia)
A cat named Blanket has long been living in a high-rise apartment in the city with his son, Cloak. One day, curious about the outside world, Cloak decides to leave home and embarks on an adventure to find the legendary cat's paradise. To find his son, Blanket must overcome his fear and reconcile with his past, with the help of a female Macaw.
(No synopsis yet.)
The story begins in Anpanman World, where everybody is bustling around, getting ready for the annual Star Festival. On that day, an egg emerges from Baikinman's garbage box, and when it hatches, a mysterious boy named Kurun emerges from within. Though Kurun does not know where he came from, he spends his days having fun with everybody. But one day, black stars begin raining down. Anpanman thinks that something suspicious might be occurring at the Star of Life, and he heads there. (Source: ANN)
Following an end-of-term school ceremony, the American boy Bobby decides to go with his friend Akkun into the mountains outside their village, to a place perfect for a secret base. On the way they stop into a mysterious amusement park. They have fun there, but are attacked and cannot leave. Falling in with some other children who are also lost there, they fend off a number of attacks, and gradually learn the truth behind the facility. It was put there by a man named Koike as a trap for passing children. His son Takashi needs to feed on human children in order to survive. Akkun is killed, and Bobby is captured with Tokiko, a girl they have met there. She disappears, and Koike goes to work on Bobby, trying to fatten him up. Bobby manages to escape. With the help of Saruyoshi, a mysterious old hermit, and the animals of the forest, Bobby builds up his strength and returns to the facility in an attempt to save Tokiko. (Source: Freestone.jp)
Alternative version of final three episodes of High School DxD BorN.
Following the conclusion of the first ever Squad Jam, Pitohui is eager to see what she missed, dying to know how everything went down. To satiate her desires, M reviews footage of the competition with her, commentating on the trials that he and LLENN faced together. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Tomie Kawakami is a femme fatale with long black hair and a beauty mark just under her left eye. She can seduce nearly any man, and drive them to murder as well, even though the victim is often Tomie herself. While one lover seeks to keep her for himself, another grows terrified of the immortal succubus. But soon they realize no matter how many times they kill her, the world will never be free of Tomie.  (Source: VIZ Media)
Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray and DVD release of Nanatsu no Bitoku. 
Special episode included in the second Blu-ray/DVD volume.
Episode 0 of Free!: Dive to the Future was shown at a special Free! event. Episode 1 also pre-aired during this same event. Episode 0 will eventually be included in the BD/DVD release of Free!: Dive to the Future.
Recap of first 12 eps. of Cardcaptor Sakura: Clear Card-hen.
Recap episodes of Full Metal Panic! Invisible Victory.
Recaps of the Mahou Shoujo Site created by Avex Entertainment. Narrated by AI Kizuna and Nobuhiko Okamoto.
Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray volumes.
Unaired episode included with the 7th volume of the BD/DVD release of The iDOLM@STER SideM.
A cup noodle commercial where [Kuro] Hiyoko-chan, the mascot of the "Chikin Ramen" line from Nissin, uses black magic to summon devil powers to turn into [Kuro] Hiyoko Akuma. This year marked the 60th anniversary of instant noodles' invention.
Special recap episode of IDOLiSH7.
Recap episode of Hakyuu Houshin Engi.
A four-dimensional short anime will start at the very beginning of Shibuya Crossing, that is, 10,000 years in the past. The anime is part of a collaborative project helmed by Yoshitoshi Shinomiya. It features a hybrid of animation and live-action. The short was screened on Shibuya's Crossing screens and a YouTube-friendly version was posted as well. (Source: ANN)
A 30-second animated commercial for the construction company Taisei. The commercial highlights Thomson–East Coast MRT line that Taisei is currently participating construction in.
Distributed at the application "Palcy" jointly developed by Kodansha and pixiv. Depicts events before and after Xianglong Crisis with original characters. (Source: AniDB)
An April Fools' Day prank between Gegege no Kitarou (2018) and Fuji TV. It shows Medama Oyaji playing around with the Fuji TV mascot, since both the anime and these prank shorts aired on that TV channel. Toei Animation posted a compilation of all 3 shorts on their official YouTube channel.
A televised advertisement for Mode Gakuen, a vocational college in Japan located in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya, and Paris. They specialize in fashion, styling, graphic design both in techniques as well as business. Every year they make a new student recruitment video with a tag line. For 2018, the video was animated with the tag line Suki na Koto dake wa, Shindemo Hanasu na★.
Two televised specials collaborating the Mameshiba franchise and the feature film Kiss Dekiru Gyoza being released June 2018.  The film is about Yoko Fujita as a single mother who goes through a divorce. Afterwards, she returns to her parents' home and struggles to raise her child, also attempts to revive her parents' gyoza restaurant. She falls in love with pro golfer Ryo Iwahara. The specials focus on shiba-ified Yoko and Ryo as they talked to Edamame. Special collaborative goods will be sold as well, including a bentou meal sold at specific train stations. (Source: IMDB)
Two specials of Tanuki to Kitsune released only on the DVD of the main show. The disc will bundle with the manga's 4th tankoubon.  (Source: ANN)
Usa has a weather show with a guest slug who is excited that it will finally be raining.
A promotional animation for mint candies.
A televised commercial for Rokudou Juku, a cram school in the Nerima Ward of Tokyo.
The story depicts the everyday life of Terumi-san, who dislikes the internet and works at a telephone company called Moshimoshi Dou, and middle school student Rintarou, who is in love with her. (Source: MAL News)
