The rare and inexplicable Puberty Syndrome is thought of as a myth. It is a rare disease which only affects teenagers, and its symptoms are so supernatural that hardly anyone recognizes it as a legitimate occurrence. However, high school student Sakuta Azusagawa knows from personal experience that it is very much real, and happens to be quite prevalent in his school. Mai Sakurajima is a third-year high school student who gained fame in her youth as a child actress, but recently halted her promising career for reasons unknown to the public. With an air of unapproachability, she is well known throughout the school, but none dare interact with her—that is until Sakuta sees her wandering the library in a bunny girl costume. Despite the getup, no one seems to notice her, and after confronting her, he realizes that she is another victim of Puberty Syndrome. As Sakuta tries to help Mai through her predicament, his actions bring him into contact with more girls afflicted with the elusive disease. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Goblins are known for their ferocity, cunning, and rapid reproduction, but their reputation as the lowliest of monsters causes their threat to be overlooked. Raiding rural civilizations to kidnap females of other species for breeding, these vile creatures are free to continue their onslaught as adventurers turn a blind eye in favor of more rewarding assignments with larger bounties. To commemorate her first day as a Porcelain-ranked adventurer, the 15-year-old Priestess joins a band of young, enthusiastic rookies to investigate a tribe of goblins responsible for the disappearance of several village women. Unprepared and inexperienced, the group soon faces its inevitable demise from an ambush while exploring a cave. With no one else left standing, the terrified Priestess accepts her fate—until the Goblin Slayer unexpectedly appears to not only rescue her with little effort, but destroy the entire goblin nest.  As a holder of the prestigious Silver rank, the Goblin Slayer allows her to accompany him as he assists the Adventurer's Guild in all goblin-related matters. Together with the Priestess, High Elf, Dwarf, and Lizard-man, the armored warrior will not rest until every single goblin in the frontier lands has been eradicated for good. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Thirty-seven-year-old Satoru Mikami is a typical corporate worker, who is perfectly content with his monotonous lifestyle in Tokyo, other than failing to nail down a girlfriend even once throughout his life. In the midst of a casual encounter with his colleague, he falls victim to a random assailant on the streets and is stabbed. However, while succumbing to his injuries, a peculiar voice echoes in his mind, and recites a bunch of commands which the dying man cannot make sense of. When Satoru regains consciousness, he discovers that he has reincarnated as a goop of slime in an unfamiliar realm. In doing so, he acquires newfound skills—notably, the power to devour anything and mimic its appearance and abilities. He then stumbles upon the sealed Catastrophe-level monster "Storm Dragon" Verudora who had been sealed away for the past 300 years for devastating a town to ashes. Sympathetic to his predicament, Satoru befriends him, promising to assist in destroying the seal. In return, Verudora bestows upon him the name Rimuru Tempest to grant him divine protection.  Now, liberated from the mundanities of his past life, Rimuru embarks on a fresh journey with a distinct goal in mind. As he grows accustomed to his new physique, his gooey antics ripple throughout the world, gradually altering his fate. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
The Soul Translator is a state-of-the-art full-dive interface which interacts with the user's Fluctlight—the technological equivalent of a human soul—and fundamentally differs from the orthodox method of sending signals to the brain. The private institute Rath aims to perfect their creation by enlisting the aid of Sword Art Online survivor Kazuto Kirigaya. He works there as a part-time employee to test the system's capabilities in the Underworld: the fantastical realm generated by the Soul Translator. As per the confidentiality contract, any memories created by the machine in the virtual world are wiped upon returning to the real world. Kazuto can only vaguely recall a single name, Alice, which provokes a sense of unease when mentioned in reality. When Kazuto escorts Asuna Yuuki home one evening, they chance upon a familiar foe. Kazuto is mortally wounded in the ensuing fight and loses consciousness. When he comes to, he discovers that he has made a full-dive into the Underworld with seemingly no way to escape. He sets off on a quest, seeking a way back to the physical world once again. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second season of Tokyo Ghoul:re.
Sakura Minamoto dreams of becoming an idol. Unfortunately, reality hits her like a truck, and she dies in a sudden traffic accident. Ten years later, she wakes up in Saga Prefecture, only to find herself a zombie with no memory of her past. While still coming to terms with her demise, she meets a man named Koutarou Tatsumi, who explains that he has resurrected her and six other zombie girls from different eras for the purpose of economically revitalizing Saga by means of an idol group. Assuming the role of an abrasive manager, Koutarou begins scheduling events; the girls go along with it, eventually deciding to name their idol group Franchouchou. An absurdly comedic take on the idol genre, Zombieland Saga tells the story of Franchouchou’s heartwarming struggle to save Saga Prefecture while hiding their zombie identities and rediscovering their past lives. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Although Fairy Tail has been disbanded and its members are now spread far across Fiore, Natsu Dragneel hasn't given up on reuniting the guild he and others once called home. Along with his companions Happy and Lucy Heartfilia, he will stop at nothing to keep Fairy Tail and its fiery spirit alive even as they face their most difficult trial yet—the invasion of Fiore by the Alvarez Empire's immense army and their all-too-familiar ruler. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Naples, 2001. Giorno Giovanna is a small-time crook with one big dream—to become a "Gang-Star." No ordinary thief, Giorno has a connection to the remarkable Joestar bloodline, and possesses a Stand named Gold Experience. His dream starts to become reality when he meets Bruno Buccellati, a mobster from the gang Passione and a fellow Stand user himself. Realizing that they share similar ideals, and both disagree with the gang's harmful affairs, Giorno reveals his goal to Bruno: with Bruno's help, he will reform Passione by overthrowing the boss.  As Giorno becomes a member of Passione, and is inducted into Bruno's squad, he discovers that it is no simple gang; its numbers are teeming with Stand users. Now confronted by other squads of differing loyalties and unpredictable caliber, their goal to change the gang from the inside out will be a tough one. Taking on these adversaries, Giorno attempts to rise through the ranks and inch closer to the boss, a man who is shrouded in mystery.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Despite the kaleidoscopic magic ingrained in everyday life, Hitomi Tsukishiro's monochrome world is deprived of emotion and feeling. On a night as black and white as any other, amidst the fireworks spreading across the sky, Hitomi's grandmother Kohaku conjures a spell, for which she has been harnessing the moon's light for 60 years, to send Hitomi back in time to the year 2018 when Kohaku was in high school. Hitomi's mission seems unclear, but her grandmother assures her that she will know when she gets there. Following a trip through time aboard a train driven by a strange yellow creature, Hitomi finds herself in stoic artist Yuito Aoi's room, and his drawings flood her world with color. What is Hitomi's purpose there, and why do Yuito's drawings return such breathtaking color to her drab world? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuuta Hibiki wakes up in the room of Rikka Takarada and notices two things: he has no memories, and he can hear a mysterious voice calling his name from a nearby room. On further inspection, he finds a robot—which introduces itself as Hyper Agent Gridman—behind the screen of an old computer. Much to Yuuta's surprise, Rikka cannot hear Gridman, nor can she see the ominous monsters looming over a thick fog as it envelopes the town outside. Another giant monster materializes in the city and proceeds to wreak havoc. Amidst the confusion, Yuuta is once again drawn to the old computer and merges with Gridman. Suddenly, he appears in the middle of the battle and is forced to fight the monster. Together with Rikka and fellow classmate Shou Utsumi, Yuuta forms the "Gridman Alliance" to defeat the monsters plaguing the city and find whoever is responsible for their emergence. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
We lay our scene in the fair Dahlia Academy, where two countries, both alike in dignity, come together; the "Black Doggies" of the Eastern Nation of Touwa and "White Cats" of the Principality of West have a longstanding feud. Romio Inuzuka and Juliet Persia, leaders of their respective dorms, seem to be bitter enemies. In reality, however, Romio and Juliet are hopelessly in love, but revealing their relationship would call upon the ire of all their comrades. They hide their love to maintain peace, but a clandestine relationship means they miss out on many of the activities couples get to do. As they grow closer together, Romio and Juliet must come to terms with the fact that keeping their relationship a secret may prove to be impossible. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Touma Kamijou can't catch a break. After the invasion of Academy City, political tensions continue to rise as both the science and magic factions collide head on. It appears that Academy City intends to declare war against the Roman Catholic Church, consequently plunging the whole world into global warfare. Touma soon finds himself on the front lines once again, striving to protect his friends and allies. Toaru Majutsu no Index III serves as the last installment of the original franchise as Touma, Accelerator, and the true level 0 Shiage Hamazura continue their separate journeys, leading up to the final act of the original light novel series. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Yuu Koito has always been entranced with romantic shoujo manga and the lyrics of love songs. She patiently waits for the wings of love to sprout and send her heart aflutter on the day that she finally receives a confession. Yet, when her classmate from junior high declares his love for her during their graduation, she feels unexpectedly hollow. The realization hits her: she understands romance as a concept, but she is incapable of experiencing the feeling first-hand.  Now, having enrolled in high school, Yuu, disconcerted and dispirited, is still ruminating over how to respond to her suitor. There, she happens upon the seemingly flawless student council president, Touko Nanami, maturely rejecting a confession of her own. Stirred by Touko's elegant manner, Yuu approaches her for advice, only to be bewildered when the president confesses to her! Yuu quickly finds herself in the palm of Touko's hand, and unknowingly sets herself on a path to find the emotion which has long eluded her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Former ace runner of Sendai Josei High School, Kakeru Kurahara is chased away from a convenience store for shoplifting. Shaking off his pursuer, he runs into Haiji Kiyose, another student from his university. Haiji is impressed by Kakeru's agility and persuades him to live in Chikusei-sou, the run-down apartment where Haiji resides along with eight other students. Having lost his entire apartment deposit at a mahjong parlor, Kakeru accepts the offer reluctantly. However, Haiji reveals a secret during Kakeru's welcoming party: the apartment is actually the dormitory of the Kansei University Track Club. He unveils his ultimate goal of participating in the Hakone Ekiden—one of the most prominent university marathon relay races in Japan. Unfortunately, all the residents apart from Haiji and Kakeru are complete running novices. Worse still, none of the inhabitants are even remotely interested in being involved with Haiji's ridiculous plan! With only months before the deadline, will the fourth-year student be able to convince them otherwise and realize his elusive dream of running in the Hakone Ekiden? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Seth is an aspiring sorcerer from the Pompo Hills area. Like all wizards, he is an "infected," one of the few living beings who survived the contact of the Nemesis—creatures fallen from the sky that contaminate and decimate all those they touch. Being immune to them, Seth wants to become a Hunter and fight the Nemesis. But more than that, Seth wants to engage in a quest that goes beyond the simple hunt for monsters. He wants to find the Radiant, their presumed cradle. Aided by a faction of fellow sorcerers, he travels the world in search of the Radiant, under the harsh scrutiny of the Inquisition. (Source: MangaHelpers, edited)
Having lost her mother at a young age, Misha Takanashi, a second grader who is half-Russian and half-Japanese, now lives with her Japanese father. Tsubame Kamoi, formerly a Japan Air Self-Defense Force, JASDF officer, comes to the Takanashi household as a housekeeper. This is a home comedy where Kamoi, a hardcore lolicon, attempts to get near Misha as she tries to fight against her.
Suzuka Nagami is a beautiful third-year middle school student who has excellent grades and is the student council president. She wrote a novel about a little sister who dotes on her older brother, and the novel wins a light novel award. After they discuss the matter, Yuu is the one who debuts as a proxy light novel author instead of Suzuka, under the pen name Chikai Towano. (Source: ANN)
The story is set in the 15th century, during the Hundred Years' War between France and England over the succession to the French throne. Montmorency, the son of a noble, immerses himself in the studies of magic and alchemy at a royal knight training school. However, following France's crushing defeat at Agincourt, the school is dissolved. Having lost everything and now a wanted man, Montmorency, who had just become an alchemist, encounters a mysterious village girl named Jehanne. (Source: MAL News)
Honda is a skeleton, but more importantly, he is a bookseller. And he'll tell you from firsthand experience that the job of a bookstore employee is more challenging than it may seem to the average customer. Alongside his equally eccentric coworkers, Honda constantly deals with the stressful requirements of the bookselling industry. From the drama of receiving new titles without their bonus material to the struggle of providing quality service to customers who speak a different language, the work of a skeleton bookseller never ends. Nevertheless, despite the hardships he faces, Honda thoroughly enjoys his job and strives to bring the best book selections and service to his customers. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Second season of Golden Kamuy.
On his high school graduation day, Itsuki's cousin, Mahiru, tells him that she's pregnant. Just then, a gate of light emerges and transports the two into the world of Granvania. In this land, "Impurities" have been causing a disturbance to the Stars, ultimately plunging Granvania into chaos and disorder. And Itsuki, now revealed to be one who is fated to meet with the "Star Maidens", is seen as Granvania's last hope and was thus given the task to produce "Star Children" and combat the "impurities". And unless the task is complete, Itsuki may never be able to return home. (Source: Wikipedia)
The modern-day vampire comedy centers on high school girl Amano, who was saved from a strange incident by a vampire girl named Sophie Twilight, and has been interested in her ever since. Akari arrives at her house uninvited and the two start to live together. Although a vampire, Sophie never attacks humans, but purchases blood and anime goods via mail and lives a modern life. (Source: MAL News)
"Tsurune"—It's the sound made by the bowstring when an arrow is released, and the sound that inspired Minato Narumiya to learn Kyuudo, a modern Japanese martial art focusing on archery. However, an incident during his last middle school tournament caused him to quit the sport. But soon, many factors conspire to make Minato take up the bow once again: the start of a new Kyuudo club in his high school, a chance encounter with a mysterious archer, and the support of his childhood friends, Seiya Takehaya and Ryouhei Yamanouchi. Together with his childhood friends and his new teammates, Kaito Onogi and Nanao Kisaragi, Minato rekindles his love for Kyuudo and works with his team toward their aim of winning the prefectural tournament. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
It is a divine ritual, a martial art, a combat sport—it's sumo!! A "small" new student, Ushio Hinomaru, appears before the weak little sumo club of Oodachi High School! The words "big" and "heavy" are the rules to this sport, which does not fit this newbie any inch, but this guy goes and does what...?! Ushio and the small sumo club climbs its way to the top! The goal is Hinoshita Kaisan! - A title for the highest rank in professional sumo, equivalent of Yokozuna. A fired up high school sumo tale—no retakes allowed!!  (Source: Shounen Jump, edited)
The protagonist, Masaru, has just inherited a big fortune after the death of his father. However, people are trying to get their hands on it by any means necessary, even if it means killing him. Narumi helps Masaru from being kidnapped after fighting strange figures. He finds out that they're not humans, but wooden puppets with amazing strength. After a hard fight, Narumi is forced to admit that he's no opponent for them; and just when he starts to think that Masaru will be captured, Shirogane, Masaru's watcher arrives from France with a weapon, the puppet Arlequin. Here begins the story of Karakuri Circus. (Source: Baka-Updates Manga, edited)
The series is about a girl named Momo who attends high school at the city of Sorasaki. However, she is secretly a member of Tsukikage, an intelligence agency that protects people. As a new member of the agency, she works alongside her colleagues including her senior Yuki and friends. Together, they work to establish peace in the city. (Source: MAL News)
Banished from Heaven, Beelzebub rules over Pandemonium where former angels that turned into demons work. One day, Beelzebub gets a new attendant named Myurin. Beelzebub seemed wise and cool... but she's actually a girl that loves fluffy things! Myurin is shocked at this revelation but still tries to get closer to Beelzebub every day. They are surrounded by various other unique and clumsy demons, and this story might be about the demons giving a certain emotion a name... maybe. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The year is 2050. A young engineer named Derrida Yvain became famous thanks to his contribution to the development of the "Autonomous Machine DZ" at Rebuild, the manufacturing company founded by his father. One day, Derrida and his colleague Nathan discover a flaw in the DZs and try to warn their boss, but are ignored. Although Derrida and Nathan are aware of the danger, they reluctantly decide to put off taking any measures, and instead go to Nathan's daughter Mage's birthday party. The next day, after enjoying a peaceful day, Derrida and Nathan are suddenly attacked by unknown forces. At the end of the escape, Derrida falls into a cold sleep machine and 10 years later, he wakes up to a devastated world in the middle of a war. While Derrida is attacked by a group of out of control DZs, he almost gives up, but he recalls Nathan's last words. "Take care of Mage." Despite the harsh fate that has fallen upon him, Derrida sets off to seek Mage. (Source: ANN)
"I'll make it so your body's unable to forget mine."  Saijou Takato's five year reign as the "Most Huggable No. 1" has been snatched. Stealing his thunder is the newbie actor with a three-year debut, Azumaya! Toward the stuffy hostile Takato, Azumaya's sincere sparkling smile starts to become effective. Even as Takato sets his alert level on MAX, Azumaya catches Takato in his shameful drunken state and uses it to blackmail him! In exchange for Azumaya's silence, Azumaya states, "Please let me hold you...?! Embrace me, who was the Most Huggable No.1?" What the heck is he saying?! This series also includes a large quantity of other high suspense erotic stories. (Source: Starry Sky Scans)
The once peaceful city-state of Lisvalletta has found itself beset by a dangerous new drug called Anthem. The side effects of the drug allow the user to enter a state of Overdrive, wherein they mutate into superpowered beasts with inhuman abilities. With the police powerless to stop this new threat, the responsibility falls upon the Special Crime Investigation Unit SEVEN-O. To offset the dangers of this work, the investigators work under the patented "Double Decker" system, which requires them to team up in "buddy cop" pairs. As a child, average police officer Kirill Vrubel fantasized about being a hero who would save his school from a random terrorist attack. His chance to be a hero arrives when his landlady blackmails him into searching for her lost cat. Upon arriving and falling asleep in an abandoned warehouse, Kirill finds himself in the middle of a hostage situation involving an Anthem user. By teaming up with SEVEN-O detective Douglas "Doug" Bilingam, Kirill earns his spot as the newest member of SEVEN-O. Now, with the help of this secret organization, he may finally achieve his dream of becoming a hero. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
October, 2018. Girls who live in a provincial city perform a certain ritual. The girls are in the "Crystal Radio Club." It is an interest circle that Asuka Tsuchimiya, a girl known for her cheerfulness, started with friends in her high school. That ritual was considered just an urban legend. However, with several conditions coincidentally falling into place, it stops being fun and games... (Source: ANN)
The anime centers on Kohane Hatoya, a young woman who loves to be helpful to others. After she moves from middle school to high school, she becomes fascinated with cheerleading, and she starts a cheerleading club at her high school. Joining Kohane in her cheerleading activities is the experienced Hizume and Kohane's childhood friend Uki. (Source: ANN)
Girls study at schools for modern shinobi. They dedicate their entire young lives to learning to become true shinobi, battling each other to polish their skills. And then one day, Asuka, whose grandfather is a legendary shinobi, encounters an ancient evil being named a "Youma" in the back alleys of Tokyo at Christmastime. Where there is light, there is shadow. Over 28 of the strongest and most well-endowed ninjas in history, both good and evil, will collide in a battle to determine true justice. And this deadly battle begins... right now. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Tomari Hinowa is a normal high schooler, until one day he's told that he has to become the wife of a mysterious creature called Kanenogi. This is the start of their newly married life. (Source: MU)
Merc Storia takes places in a world where humans and monsters coexist. The protagonist, Yuu, is a healer apprentice and possesses the ability to tame monsters. In a quest to regain the memories of Merc, a girl confined in a bottle, the pair embarks on a journey. (Source: MAL News)
Adaption of the third Ace Attorney Game in the Video Game Series.
The sacred sword "Excalibur". A sword that was created to judge a person's ability to be the king of England. Those whom the sword accepts will be called "Arthur" and will obtain great power. However, there was not a single Arthur but many. Due to this massive creation of legendary humans, the world and its history began to be distorted. Now, with the aim of restoring the history of the world to its original course, six Arthur, a master of the sword, a fighter, a sniper, a puncher, an alchemist and a shooter, set out for England. Their mission is to defeat all those who have managed to obtain a power from the sacred sword Excalibur and are using that power to distorting the world, which is around a million people. (Source: Wikipedia)
In the future in Onomichi, Hiroshima fish disappear from the sea around the world and only whales live in the ocean. The Ministry of Fishery decides to set up giant experimental Universe Fish Tanks in space. The Onomichi Universe Fishery Union is established and begins to train space fishermen. Female fishermen are in demand due to the strengthening of an equal employment law for men and women. Six new female space fishermen are selected, and the story centers on supporting their growth. (Source: ANN)
The Bakumatsu was an era in which the souls of young men burned with anxiety for their country's future. Takasugi Shinsaku, a soldier of fortune from Choshu, sneaks aboard a government ship with his comrade Katsura Kogorou in search of a mysterious "timepiece" with the power to manipulate time that he fears the government wishes to keep for themselves. Rather than allow such power to fall into the wrong hands, Takasugi plans to destroy the artifact, but having obtained it, the artifact is quickly stolen, forcing the pair to follow the mysterious thief to the seat of government in Kyoto. However, when they arrive in the capital, they discover that the government has been overthrown and the deity Susanoo now reigns in its place. The streets of the city and the people in them are much different than Takasugi and Katsura remembered. The times may have changed but their mission hasn't - Takasugi and Katsura resolve to reset time and save their nation from the nefarious forces trying to hijack it. (Source: Tokyo Otaku Mode)
A heated battle is once again revving up at Basara Academy between baseball star Masamune Date and soccer ace Yukimura Sanada. What's more, ever since student council chairman Hideyoshi Toyotomi received a suspension, leaving the seat up for grabs, a host of class "warlords" have become embroiled in a quest for supreme power. Amid Ieyasu Tokugawa's appeals to bonds of kinship and Mitsunari Ishida's fervor to defeat him, who will wrest ultimate control of the domain in "troubled" times? (Source: TBS Global Business)
The series follows 16-year-old Hu Li, who dreams of becoming a popular singer. However, he has neither good looks nor the financial means to pursue his dream, so Hu uploads his singing online using a fox avatar. (Source: MAL News)
The comedy anime centers on five girls and one cat all living as housemates in Nakano, Tokyo: the three Himote sisters (Tokiyo, Kinami, and Kokoro) whose family manages the "Himote House," Kokoro's classmates Tae and Minamo, and the cat Enishi. The girls live their daily lives trying to figure out ways to be popular, and they (and the cat) all possess a mysterious secret power... (Source: ANN)
The anime takes place in Fukuoka and follows the love lives of four female protagonists as high school students, college students, and as working adults.  (Source: ANN, edited)
Yin and Ning are two sisters who have been wandering the land together ever since their village was destroyed by the villainous Taibai Empire. Their childhood friend, Zhao, has been enslaved by the Taibai himself, and uses his brilliance at tinkering and inventing to get by as a slave to the Empire's whims. One day, Yin accidentally discovers a legendary sword, which grants her fantastic abilities in combat, and allows her to summon a mystical, mechanical fox spirit named Yun, who is sworn to fight by her side. Meanwhile, Zhao is making fast friends with a mysterious young girl who just may hold a great amount of power within the Taibai Empire. As Zhao and the Fu sisters find themselves increasingly caught up in the Empire's battle for supremacy over the land, it will take all of the magic and might that the budding resistance armies can muster to turn the tide of war once and for all. (Source: ANN)
The anime centers on Minori, an office worker, and her boss Hadano, who are constantly arguing with each other. One night, after a company drinking party, Minori and Hadano are having their usual argument, when Minori realizes that she has missed the last train. They decide to spend the night at a nearby capsule hotel, but an incident forces them to share the same unit.  (Source: ANN)
Minato visits a recitation at an anime event with his friend. He is captivated by the voice actors' performances and decides to enroll in Suidoubashi Animation Academy. There, he meets Chikako, who used to live in the room he is moving into and who left a message in a USB drive. Minato, who aims to be a voice actor but is unable to put himself into the role, and Chikako, who lives with a past trauma, encourage one another and try to improve themselves. With the help of seniors such as Ryouta and Kei watching over them, they try to mature. As they stumble and worry, what lies ahead for them both? (Source: MAL News)
19 members of Inazuma Japan have been announced, and they will battle against the mysterious team "Orion's Apostle" in the Football Frontier International.
(No synopsis yet.)
Second season of Uchuu Senkan Tiramisù.
Chitose-chan is a penguin who lives in Kyoto. Getting in touch with people and getting fed delicious food as she curiously walks around Kyoto streets is her favourite thing to do. The story features popular places in Kyoto like Kiyomizu Temple, Ginkaku Temple, and Gion from the Penguin's point of view. This is a short story about a penguin that is nostalgic and warm, curing and relieving the heart.  (Source: MAL News)
Second season of Gurazeni.
(No synopsis yet.)
Three devil girls Aira, Shima, and Hana live in the human world. Leading a dazzling school life with efforts and friendships, they aim to be idols. It's a heart-bumping anime climbing that stairs... Not! They don't know the answer to "What is Idol?" and weaver in the road to becoming an idol with trials and errors. Rocket-sensei will kindly (and sometimes strictly) lead them to become real idols in an unique way... for sure.  (Source: MAL News)
(No synopsis yet.)
The story centers on the cats Hopi, Toto, and Mao, who set out on the ocean in search of a place to establish a new town. The three friends plan to find the mysterious "Island of Stars." When they happen to chance upon it, they immediately get to work developing the island, but encounter many difficulties in their task.  (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Within the nature "Darwin Kita! Kikimono Shin Densetsu" program on NHK1.5 airs the short Manul no Yuube, based on a web manga/comic of the same name. It following animal characters who visit the bar Manul no Yuube. The bar is run by the Mama who is a Pallas's cat (Otocolobus manul) and serviced by the hostess Tsunomin who is a Brazilian treehopper (Bocydium globulare).
Part of TV Tokyo's Kinder TV (きんだーてれび) program.
(No synopsis yet.)
A gag anime about foods in a refrigerator. The anime airs within the Oha Suta children's morning TV program and will receive a simultaneous manga serialization by Kazumata Oguri.
(No synopsis yet.)
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece. [Written by MAL Rewrite] 
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically. When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno's Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno's voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal—to become the Wizard King! [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja. Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life. New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto: Naruto Next Generations. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child. Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa. Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Aslan Jade Callenreese, known as Ash Lynx, was a runaway picked off the streets of New York City and raised by the infamous godfather of the mafia, Dino Golzine. Now 17 years old and the boss of his own gang, Ash gets his hands on a mysterious drug called "Banana Fish"—the same two words his older brother, Griffin, has muttered since his return from the Iraq War. However, his investigation is hindered when Dino sends his men to retrieve the drug from Ash at an underground bar he uses as a hideout. At the bar, Skip, Ash's friend, introduces him to Shunichi Ibe and his assistant, Eiji Okumura, who are Japanese photographers reporting on American street gangs. However, their conversation is interrupted when Shorter Wong, one of Ash's allies, calls to warn him about Dino. Soon, Dino's men storm the bar, and in the ensuing chaos kidnap Skip and Eiji. Now, Ash must find a way to rescue them and continue his investigation into Banana Fish, but will his history with the mafia prevent him from succeeding? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing football at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession.  In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd. He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it. 
Just because an anime features a young protagonist does not necessarily mean that it is an appropriate series to show your children. Young Shinnosuke, or Shin-chan for short, is a very creative young boy that lives with his eccentric parents, Misae and Hiroshi, as well as his Prima Donna younger sister, Himawari, and has loads of unique friends to boot. Everyday life for little Shin-chan is full of funny (and shocking) moments, most of which stem from his unnatural and sometimes profane use of language, as well as his constant acts of inappropriate behavior. Shin-chan's famous "elephant" gag is one of the most defining moments in Crayon Shin-chan, simply because it is the epitome of crude comedy, one of the core themes of the series. Crayon Shin-chan is a hilarious show about the day in the life of a young, curious boy, that captures the awkwardness of growing up as well as the beauty of being true to one's self, no matter what others say.
After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokemon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokemon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokemon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokemon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures. At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokemon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokemon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokemon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by his earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks. Enrolling in the Pokemon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokemon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Nearly twenty years into the 21st century, people have forgotten the existence of youkai. When a number of unexplainable phenomena plague adults of the human world with confusion and chaos, thirteen-year-old Mana writes a letter to the Youkai Post in search of answers, only to be greeted by Gegege no Kitarou... (Source: Crunchyroll)
Chuukan Kanriroku Tonegawa is a spin-off of the Kaiji series, which follows Tonegawa, the right hand man of Kazutaka Hyoudou, the president of the Teiai Corporation and owner of numerous gambling tournaments. After Hyoudou is getting bored with his life, he orders Tonegawa to organize a so called "game of death" as it is his and his subordinate's job to keep the president in a good mood. Tonegawa must cooperate with his subordinates in order to make the president happy and what follows is a humorous story of his interactions with his subordinates and other characters of the Kaiji series. (Source: MAL News)
In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.  One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago. (Source: ASCII.jp)
Second season of Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai!. 
Professor Layton's daughter, Katrielle Layton, runs the Layton Detective Agency together with the talking dog Sherl and her assistant Ernest, and solves strange cases that happen everyday in London. Originally, she started the job with the purpose of finding her father, Hershel Layton, who had disappeared suddenly, but her incredible ability to solve puzzles made her well-known and she receives numerous requests. (Source: Layton Wiki)
Nono Hana is an 8th grade student who wants to be a stylish and mature big sister like figure. She always puts on a lovely smile and loves to search for exciting things. One day, Hana meets a baby named Hug-tan and her guardian fairy named Harry who had fallen from the sky. At that exact moment, an evil organization called Dark Tomorrow suddenly appeared! They're trying to forcefully take Hug-tan's Mirai Crystal! In order to protect Hug-tan, Hana wishes to do something to help her, and her wish is granted, as she gains a Mirai Crystal and transforms into Cure Yell. The world is overflowed with Tomorrow Powerer, which is the power to create a brilliant tomorrow, which is crystallized into the Mirai Crystals. If it's stolen, everyone's future will not exist. To protect Hug-tan and everyone's future, Cure Yell will do her best! (Source: Pretty Cure Wiki)
Mini anime series featuring the girls from Girls Band Party!
Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved. (Source: ANN)
Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name.  It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things. Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech. (Source: Wikipedia)
Aine Yuuki who is a regular student at Star Harmony Academy's normal division and meets Mio Minato from idol division who invites her to join Aikatsu to fulfill Aine's goal to make friends. She also befriends Maika Chouno and Ema Hinata who are also idols. Aine and Mio form a pair to become best friends to become the bright "Diamond Friends". Karen Kamishiro and Mirai Asuku are categorized as "Diamond Friends" and are in the Diamond Class!  (Source: Wikipedia)
The main protagonist Sendou Aichi, is a timid and mundane third-year middle school boy. The thing that supported Aichi's heart, was the "Blaster Blade" card that he received as a child. It's an important rare card from "Vanguard", a card game with the imaginary world of "Planet Cray" as its stage. From the day he reunited with the person who gave him that card "Toshiki Kai", Aichi's everyday life began to change. (Source: Crunchyroll)
Rantarou, Shinbei and Kirimaru are ninja apprentices in the Ninja Gakuen, where first grade ones are called "Nintamas" (contraction of the words ninja+tama (egg)). They must learn everything a ninja must know, but as for our heroes, money, food or playing are more interesting. The series show the everyday adventures of our heroes, segmentated in a cartoon fashion, like 2 small episodes in a 30-min show. The cast also includes the teachers (Doi-sensei and crossdressing Yamada-sensei), nintama kunoichis, evil guys (Dokutake ninjas) and even family members of all the cast... (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
The main character is a mother named Sazae-san. She lives in a house with her husband, her kids and her parents. The show is the ultimate family program and tends to follow traditional themes. Think of this show as the Japanese equivalent to "The Partridge Family" and you'll get a good feel for this show's atmosphere. Don't expect to see things like violence, swearing, kung-fu action or magical girls. The plots are more like "Today, Sazae-san goes to the new mall and gets lost". Such "boring" plotlines and the simplistic art are often a turn-off to non-Japanese audiences, but most Japanese find the show incredibly good. As a result, it continues to be one of the top ratings grabbers on TV and is one of the few anime that is considered "acceptable" by adults.  (Source: AniDB)
 First-year middle school girls Mirai Momoyama and Emo Moegi are two aspiring idols who decide to use the "Pri☆Chan System," a system used by famous people and companies to broadcast content. Like many girls starting their own channels and uploading content, the pair decide to become their own producers, starting their own channel in an attempt to become Pri☆Chan idols. (Source: ANN)
Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Based on the original comic BONO BONO by Mikio Igarashi that has seen over 9,000,000 total copies printed, this is the definitive animated version of the emotionally soothing character-driven series that will make you ask yourself the philosophical question, "What are living things?" while laughing at heartwarming gags and being entertained by the interactions of amusing forest friends Bonobono the young sea otter, Chipmunk, Fishing Cat, and more. Enjoy the easygoing days and minor misadventures of Bonobono and his friends! (Source: Fuji Creative)
Hayato Hayasugi (his last name is a pun on the words for "too fast") and other children will serve as conductors to pilot the Shinkalion. The Shinkalion robots are various models of real-life Japanese bullet trains (shinkansen) that transform into robots to fight an unknown evil to protect the safety and peace of Japan. The children must work together with the adults of the Shinkansen Ultra Evolution Institute (SUEI) to defeat a monster that looks like a jet black bullet train. (Source: TBS Global Business)
One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished.  (Source: ANN)
The sixth season of Future Card Buddyfight featuring Gao Mikado's son.
In the Heian era, around 1000 years ago, a young boy of noble family named Ojarumaru is bored with his life of privilege. Meanwhile, three demons steal the power-stick of Enma, king of demons, and then lose it. Ojarumaru finds it, and uses it to transport himself to the present time. Here, he is befriended by a young boy named Kazuma, and becomes a member of his family. As time goes on, Ojarumaru makes many new friends, while dodging the comedic efforts of the three demons, Akane, Kisuke, and Aobee, as they try to recover the stick. (from ANN)
Taking place after the events of the fourth film, the series centers on 11 yr old Keisuke Amano, Natsume's younger brother (both of whom are the children of Keita Amano and Fumika Kodama of the original Youkai Watch anime) who doesn't believe in any supernatural phenomenon around him. But as he notices his sister is frequently comes back home late, he decided to stalk her, only to find out she is doing her duties exorcising evil Youkai alongside her friends Touma and Akinori, and running a Yo-Kai detective agency. With their secret revealed to him, Natsume decided to let him tag along in her activities as they investigate Youkai crimes and take on evil Youkai to maintain peace all over the city.  (Source: Wiki)
 The series follows a mysterious but gentle-hearted man named Yasashi Yasamura who spreads warmth and human kindness wherever he goes. (Source: Crunchyroll)
The sound of yodeling will appear when you least expect it. 
(No synopsis yet.)
The franchise centers on two friends: a naive weasel who likes cute and round things, and a dormouse who plays innocent. Together, they spend their days playing and having fun in short stories set in Nagano Prefecture.  (Source: ANN)
The story is set in modern day Japan following the growth of the protagonist Taiga Akashi, an elementary school kid who wants to be a professional gamer someday.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Based on the characters created by Study.
(No synopsis yet.)
The series stars a cat with a lack of energy who speaks while lying down, yet has a thorough personality. He thinks various things and has fun watching humans.
The series follows a variety of employed shellfish who exhibit selfish or odd personality traits. (Source: LiveChart)
The story centers on Matthew, a daydreaming worrywart of a rabbit. Matthew also has two friends: Keron, a pessimistic frog who is fond of good-luck charms; and Ham, a hamster of few words and who moves through life at his own pace. The story follows the three animals' everyday lives within a mysterious forest.  (Source: ANN)
Fourth season of Kamiusagi Rope, events occur after the feature film. Airs on Mezamashi TV instead of the theaters.
Two caterpillars investigate objects on a kitchen counter while searching for food. One of them finds a piece of pasta and is intrigued by the fact that there's a hole in the middle. They are having fun until a big mean caterpillar arrives. It's time for a major show down...
Third season of Shounen Ashibe: Go! Go! Goma-chan.
This story is about Mick, a sleeping chironomid. Insects are taken up into space for use in experiments by humans. An epic space adventure of Mick and his friends of their journey back home to Earth. The development plans and experiments are aborted by humans for no known reason, the organisms are left behind in the space station with limited resources. Going over hurdles and fighting through challenges, together, they travel across planets and gain new comrades, heading for Earth. As their journey progresses, the mystery behind the human’s abandonment unravels…  (Source: Crunchyroll)
The series centers around two cats: a younger sister named Neko, and an older brother named Mata. Neko is a nekomata (a mythical two-tailed cat), innocently selfish, and spoiled by her brother. Mata is a neighborhood cat with an eartipped mark as a sign of being neutered. They meet under a streetlight in the city at night to talk. (Source: ANN)
Follows twin cats who wish to make others happy and their strange friends.
The series follows a detective with a head shaped like a butt.
The story centers around a cat who answers people's wishes and delivers happiness. ("Tane" and "neko" are the Japanese words for "seed" and "cat," respectively.) (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Story about Kappa with flowers on their heads.
A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character? (Source: Anime News Network)
The anime follows the frogs Kekkero and Ke who try to find their 998 other siblings.  (Source: ANN)
A tourism promotional anime for the Akita prefecture. Highlighting Akita cuisine, actors, landmarks, etc. through the banter of two high school friends who are a red oni and an akita (dog breed). 
A new series following the cat named Tama and his many friends.
A short anime featuring the zodiac animals with a panda named Taputapu as the main character. Each episode is focuses on having a proverb, moral, or uplifting value.
Fourth season of the Shimajirou children's television series.
A series oriented to three-year-old children, showing the everydays of 9 characters, each of them having a distinct feature. Children will recognize characters and situations from their own life. Sometimes through conflicts, sometimes through encouragement, they will find everyone's place in the world. The story conveys messages such as "Nobody's alone", "It's good to be different" and the importance of being connected with others, in a fun way. (Source: Official site)
A series of short, 30-second segments featuring Gohan Kaijuu Pap and various "side dish" monsters to produce delicious meals.
A fifth-year elementary student named Eiji Tōmatsu, and his "inspiration" buddy, a dog named Pochirou. One day Eiji finds a mysterious book called the "Pikachin Research Book," and learns about the seven tools that make up the Pikachin Kit. Eiji presses a button inside the research book, and immediately a "Future Amazon" delivery arrives at his door with the kit. Eiji uses the blueprints included in the box to assemble the kit, but it seems as though 1% part of the kit is still missing.  In the franchise, the word "Pikachin" means the flash of inspiration or insight one gets about a new project, similar to the visual of a lightbulb turning on above one's head when someone has an idea. The concept of the franchise is "invention is 99% plastic models, 1% inspiration."  (Source: ANN)
Byururu came from the straw world. At night the kitchen turns into a magical forest inhabited by witches. Here Byururu sets out on an adventure.
Stop-motion anime about a girl named Ratio who lives in a forest with her icy monsters and creatures. Every day she goes out explores new things.
Third season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
The story centers on a frog prince cursed by a witch and his servant, a caterpillar named Henry. (Source: ANN)
An NHK toddler's anime following cowardly creatures representing typical Halloween monsters like Dracula and a witch.
Sequel to Panpaka Pants W-O-New!. 
Eddie is a frog who loves basketball. He tries to teach fellow kids how to play and tries to use his court skills off the court and gets mixed results.
(No synopsis yet.)
10 years ago, a mysterious stone which looks just like an egg was found. This egg turns out to be an ancient legendary Dragon Egg and it later transformed in to a dragon. People call this the ‘First Hatching’ and found out that they are able to use a dragon’s powerful energy only if they can speak the language of dragon. Soon after they found out this, an international society choose talented children to communicate with dragon and train them to carry out impossible missions. This group of children are called as Knights of Dragon. The Knights of Dragon carry out impossible missions successfully by finding dragons and their language hidden all around the world. Everything working out great only before they got attack from Defectors… (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Gonglyong Mecard is a spin-off-series of Mecard, based on the idea that dinosaurs didn't become extinct 65 million years ago, but transformed into mecanimals. Its characters don't have any relations to the cast from Turning Mecard, Turning Mecard W and Turning Mecard R. (Source: Gonglyong Mecard Wikia)
Stop-motion animation about robots; though mainly focusing on Pulta a white square robot.
A stop-motion animation about Liv, a curious little girl and Bell, a gluttonous hedgehog. Together they go on an adventure in a picture book. 
The main character is the mysterious lifeform Oochopus. In the series, the Oochopus appears at the house of five-year-old Kantarou and three-year-old An-chan. Kantarou and An-chan accept the cute but somewhat irresponsible Oochopus as family. (Source: ANN)
Teach is a curious monkey who travels the world listening to funny stories and listening to a wide variety of music.
A stop-motion anime using beaded characters. Here a magician rabbits solve problems by using magic. 
The series follows a young girl named Shina who hopes to become the world's best DJ, and is interested in new sounds. Shina explores a mysterious world filled with Otoppe, strange creatures capable of unique sounds.
A stop-motion anime using bentou ingredients as the characters.
A stop-motion anime using knitted characters. Knit and Wool are yarn fairies who create a fun knitted play time at night.
A young boy tries to become as strong of a sumo wrestler as his father. 
Fairies living in a fluffy forest, where both flowers and trees are fluffy. Follow a witch's trouble-maker apprentices Pui Pui and Muu Muu. 
The anime is set on the titular Musical Note Island, where the god of music is said to reside. The island is home to "instrument animals," who are born from music energy, and have parts of their body composed of a musical instrument. One day, a witch arrives at the island. The warrior girl Cara must go on a journey to defeat the witch and win back the peace on the island. (Source: ANN)
Everyday objects come to life.
A dung beetle becomes too overzealous at rolling anything remotely round. 
Unicorn no Kyupi is a helpful sprite that lives in the kitchen and polishes dirty pots and pans clean with its fluffy white body. Harigorou, a rival sprite shaped like a hedgehog, tries to interfere.  (Source: Crunchyroll)
Cappy (an anthropomorphic baseball cap) and Knitty (an anthropomorphic knitted hat) help residents of their town with small tasks and acts of kindness.
A short anime that airs within "Enkame: That's Enka Tainment" (and enka variety show) program on Asahi TV. It follows a cast of ice cream characters.
Sixth season of the Washimo series.
In honor of the 2018 World Cup, this season of GG Bond focuses on sports team competition, team spirit, and personal growth as they compete in the Meteor League. 
The fifth season of Kkoma Bus Tayo.
A minute long children's anime that follows 3 siblings. Two brothers who are rectangular and circular shaped, and a sister who is triangluar shaped. They have unique personalities and foster growth and discovery through their play time.
As the grandmaster who founded the Demonic Sect, Wei Wuxian roamed the world in his wanton ways, hated by millions for the chaos he created. In the end, he was backstabbed by his dearest shidi and killed by powerful clans that combined to overpower him. He incarnates into the body of a lunatic who was abandoned by his clan and is later, unwillingly, taken away by a famous cultivator among the clans—Lan Wangji, his archenemy. This marks the start of a thrilling yet hilarious journey of attacking monsters, solving mysteries, and raising children. From the mutual flirtation along the way, Wei Wuxian slowly realizes that Lan Wangji, a seemingly haughty and indifferent poker-face, holds more feelings for Wei Wuxian than he is letting on. (Source: Exiled Rebels Scanlations)
Just as their success seemed imminent, an old foe armed with secrets returns to wreak havoc, threatening Rachel Gardner and Zach Foster’s escape. Rachel’s memories of her sordid past are revealed to both Zach and herself. As their tenuous partnership faces its biggest challenge yet, they will have to choose where—and with whom—their loyalties lie. Will their wishes be fulfilled? As they navigate the labyrinthine basement abound with horrors, just what awaits them outside? [Written by MAL Rewrite]
A project was launched where scientists discovered a mysterious substance that can interface directly with the human brain. This substance, called "Exotic Matter (XM)," has existed since ancient times, influencing human minds and the progress of humanity. In the wake of this discovery, a battle of powerful nations and corporate giants has been unleashed. Organizations across the globe have embarked on a secret race to exploit XM. It represents both an opportunity and a threat to humanity. Two Factions seeks to control the XM. The Enlightened view XM's power as a gift that enhances human experience and discovery. The Resistance sees XM as a hostile takeover of the human mind, choosing technology as humanity's best path forward. XM, and the mystery behind it lie at the center of this battle for the fate of humanity. 2018—Now, a new struggle is about to unfold in Tokyo and across the globe. Dangerous and powerful forces seeking to exploit the potential of XM will collide. This groundbreaking project will mark the beginning of an epic augmented-reality experience combining the three elements of animation, location-based gaming, and the real world. (Source: MAL News)
Kautz was looking for a job and suddenly he gets hired by an armor shop. But it's not your run of the mill armor shop, it's an adult armor shop. An ecchi comedy showing the shopkeeper side of selling sexy battle armor. 
Red panda Retsuko, worked to the bone, unleashes her frustration in the form of death metal. Lately, though, she's found another joy—getting the most likes possible on her Instagram posts. In fact, it is said that social media attention can release endorphins. As Christmas falls upon the city, Retsuko's hunger for validation only grows, pushing her to find new ways to embellish and sugarcoat her otherwise drab life for the internet to see. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Third season of Quanzhi Fashi.
The Osake wa Fuufu ni Natte kara talk event at the Machi★Asobi vol. 20 event announced that the short series will receive a 14th episode.  (Source: MAL News)
Now there's a mysterious Mask before James Blood, and the man behind it is one that shouldn't exist. What is the mystery surrounding this mask...? So begins an action-packed crime story set in a beautiful city! 
"It" was believed to be traveling in space, but, "I'm back, guys!" Due to popular demand, we decided to bring Jashin-chan back for an extra episode! What will she face when she returns to Earth? Yurine, Medusa, Pekola, Minos, Yusa, Koji and Peru-chan are all in for the "swimsuit edition"! Then appears Kraken for what seemed like the last battle of the season, but the real battle continues... (Source: Amazon Prime Video)
The whole Sanctuary was misled into danger due to the civil war instigated by the Gemini Gold Saint, Saga. Our story begins right after the end of those events... This is a story of the girls protecting Athena. These are the records of love and fierce fights they meet while opposing destiny on their way to maturity...  (Source: MangaSeven)
Clementine escapes from almighty Ainz's gaze, and Albedo with the help of Aura, Mare, and a gratuitously large army of poorly-animated CG goblins must track her down, and eliminate anything that stands in her way, Guardian.
Ye Jiayao finds herself back in time in the body of Ye Jinxuan. After many twists, she thought that she would finally be able to lead a simple life and achieve her dream of opening the best restaurant in Huai Song. However, there are villains constantly trying to bring her down. (Source: Novelupdates)
Qian Yunxi, the oldest daughter of the prime minister was born with a special ability. Because of this she was deemed 'abnormal' and was raised at Mt. Lin Yun. Upon turning 16, she took her younger sister's place to marry into the royal family of Ye. Rumors say Ye Youming is strange, cold and cruel. Just how will Qian Yunxi's fate play out? (Source: Baka-Updates Manga)
Second season of Douluo Dalu.
Second season of Souten no Ken: Regenesis.
The third Season of Yao Shen Ji.
The opening promotional animation to Bandai Namco's God Eater 3. The game is slated to be released next month for PS4 and the following year for PC. The story is a sequel to God Eater 2 Rage Burst, just like Resonant Ops. There was a disaster of tremendous proportions, referred to as "Ash Area" that devoured Fenrir, and is apparently still ongoing.
Japan-based confectionery company Lotte opened a special site to celebrate the 70th anniversary since its founding in 1948. The centerpiece of the commemorative website is a new animated musical short featuring the song "Shinesekai" (New World) by the band Bump of Chicken. The video centers on a middle school boy-meets-high school girl scenario. They are surrounded by a wide range of characters who are all "spirits" of various Lotte snacks, such as a men's singing group representing Ghana chocolate bars and, well, Koalas representing Koala March.  (Source: ANN) 
Web shorts focusing on each of the 22/7 idols in normal everyday life.
In a galaxy far away, there is a kid without innate ability to practice internal techniques. So, in order to gain the respect of his father, he resolutely chooses to follow the more difficult and painful path of practicing external techniques. As the years go by, he grows up, but what really changes his life is a mysterious meteoric crystal stone – the Meteoric Tear. This stone fuses with the young man’s body unnoticed, and he seems to undergo drastic transformations as a result. After that, everything is changed. Eventually his father knows that the son for whom he hasn’t really shown a lot of consideration possesses astonishing abilities. And there’s a lot more to come. (Source: Novel Updates)
A victim of endless bullying, Aito Eyama is plagued by his classmates' constant taunts and beatings. However, through a fortuitous turn of events, he receives a strange invitations for the "Captivity Game," where victory promises unbelievable wealth. To participate, he must accept the role of captor and choose one victim to imprison for a month. For Eyama, the only choice is Aya Kirishima, the ringleader of his bullies and the source of all his suffering. The rules of the game are simple: the jailer may do whatever they please with their inmate barring murder; but in order to win the game, the captor's identity must remain hidden. Exemption from the law, an isolated cell, and the funds to purchase supplies—all the necessary tools are provided. As Eyama administers his sadistic revenge and "divine" retribution, he encounters other captors, each with their own hidden agendas. Meanwhile, Aya refuses to be a compliant prisoner and will go to any length to escape captivity. However, her endeavors threaten to awaken a darkness buried inside Eyama that craves to be unleashed. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
Special shorts of Anima Yell! released on YouTube.
The animated PV for Square Enix's mobile MMORPG, Hangyakusei Million Arthur. Britain is a land surrounded on all sides by sea. When threatened with an invasion from an unknown enemy, this land quickly falls into chaos. Britain's only hope is the guardian known as Arthur, the one who is chosen by the sacred sword Excalibur. However, this title wasn't exclusive to just one hero. With the sacred sword deeming challengers worthy, this number quickly grew into the millions. As Arthurs, they fulfill their duty as a guardian, in this never-ending struggle against death.  On the other hand, there are those who shoulder a different mission from these Arthurs. "Destroy Excalibur". These warriors are referred to as AGENT Arthurs.  To destroy one million Excaliburs, they wield Excalibur. They are Arthurs, yet not Arthurs. This is a tale of rebellion for those struggling to prevent the end of the world. 
(No synopsis yet.)
A tourism promotion anime for Ogaki City in the Gifu Prefecture. The story's script was written by Kou Nakamura, a famous novelist from Ogaki City. An is confessed to by her childhood friend Yuuki. She runs away from the shock and finds herself time-slipped into the future. With modern tech and flying personal robots, she's shown around by a helpful ikemen named Kibou and his robot rabbit butler. Kibou tells her that she's his grandmother and that Yuuki is his grandfather, and that she doesn't need to be so unsure of her future.
The protagonist is a run-of-the-mill businessman man in his late 20s with no girlfriend. The cute HS girl he sees on the train every day. She's well developed, with nice hips, and a healthy figure. If only he could marry a woman like her... With that figure and kind personality, she's given up struggling and gives into being molested or f*cked. That is all she's known. One day the protagonist molested her on the train. When she didn't struggle, he brought her to a hotel for sex. This would be the first time she had normal sex. That's when she learned how good sex can be, and he learned about her tight ass and voluptuous tits, her family-oriented and nice personality, and how she's a dirty girl. They fell in love with each other, and their sexapades escalated. (Source: DLsite)
Soka city's 60th anniversary commemorative animation. Souta was born in Soka but has worked and lived in Tokyo until recently. He's engaged to Miki and decides to return to Soka to look for a new home where the two will live together. While house hunting, he encounters a mysterious bird and begins to chase after it. He then meets a woman named Akiko who time-slipped to the future. Souta shows her around the city and she reflects on how much has changed and her future as she too is engaged. (Source: AniDB & ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
A collaboration between Himote House and Nissin. Each episode begins with an introduction by the talking cat Enishi and is followed by an ad-libbed performance by a member of the Himote House promoting Nissin's line of soup cups that substitute noodles with tofu.
In the Tranquil Sun province of the empire, there exists an unremarkable lordship known as Xue Ying Territory! This is the home of the Dong Bo clan, the clan of our hero Xue Ying! His father, a commoner turned noble; his mother, a noble who abandoned her clan for love, and his brother, an innocent toddler. But peace cannot last forever, Xue Ying’s peaceful life is shattered, and the only way to reclaim it is through power! (Source: Novel Updates)
18-year-old Manami Katagiri has faced hardships his whole life because he had to drop out of middle school and begin working in a factory to take care of his little sister. For reasons he's re-enrolled in high school to better his life but on his first day he encounters a "princess" who he claims has never had to work a day in her life. Is it love at first sight? or perhaps a rivalry? (Source: MU)
A collaboration between the Eagle Talon franchise and Gaikotsu Shotenin Honda-san. The former is promoting the latter's TV series. In a tongue-in-cheek style Yoshida-kun "explains" what Gaikotsu Shotenin Honda-san is about but gets it hilariously wrong much to the shock and frustration of Honda-san himself, such that never getting his name right.
(No synopsis yet.)
The story follows a boy named Shiro and his aunt, Momo, who live together after the death of Shiro's mother, Momo's older sister. Shiro makes bread for Momo in the mornings.  (Source: ANN)
Second season of Chokkan × Algorhythm♪.
Second season of Seizei Ganbare! Mahou Shoujo Kurumi.
PVs promoting the "Jujutsu Kaisen" manga.
(No synopsis yet.)
A cat parody of Kagaku Ninja-tai Gatchaman. Tatsunoko Productions announced the project on Nyan Nyan Nyan day (aka Cat Day on February 22) earlier this year with character designs by Iwata Naomi (director of Pingu in the City). Episodes finally began streaming by NTV on various platforms but oddly the original character designs were not used.
Two shorts created by Disney Japan in honor of Solo: A Star Wars Story being released on MovieNEX, which is a set item of Blu-ray disc, DVD, and digital copy (cloud compatible) release of films (essentially every home-media release available as a single purchase). MovieNEX is unique to the Japanese market. 
(No synopsis yet.)
Higashi Asia Buka Toshi is a yearly event in agreement with Japan, China, and Korea's cultural ministries. A city or ward from each country is chosen to bring awareness to that city through its arts and culture. For 2019, Japan selected its Toshima ward of Tokyo city. This means that Toshima is now accepting any projects, logos, public relations, school projects, etc. among the Toshima citizens and businesses to create a Toshima-portfolio and tourism for the ward. To mark the debut of Toshima's selection, a rotocoped short was released following a little girl's view of Toshima's attractions.
A promotional piece for the Kirin Challenge Cup 2018. This year is the 40th anniversary of the competition.
A Gudetama collaboration with the Japanese Racing Association (JRA). 
The anime centers on a group of pharmaceutical company employees who embark on a mountain-climbing trip together and who encounter tragedy at the hands of mysterious monkeys when they reach the top.  (Source: ANN)
The Japanese cosmetic brand Kao wants to add a little magic to your beauty routine with Liese Prettia hair color. The company began streaming a commercial that introduced the first "episode" of Mahou Shoujo Liese Prettia. Rize is a second year middle school student with a cloud mascot that hides in her hair. The mascot is meant to resemble the logo from Liese Prettia hair color boxes. She transforms and defeats the attacking demon with a splash of bubbles. Just when it seems like the magic is over, Liese Prettia begins speaking to the anime's viewer about transforming her own hair. A make-over can really leave you feeling magical and it looks like there really is a magical girl for every occasion.  (Source: ANN)
A collaboration between Eagle Talon and the mobile game Ryu Ga Gotoku Online. It is a spin-off title of what is commonly known as the Yakuza game series in the Western world. In the first episode, The Eagle Talon cast somehow find themselves within the game's world and run into Ichiban Kasuga. They explaining who they are and promoting the game's release. Even Ichiban himself knows he's in a game and promotes the mobile release (supposedly, Ichiban plays his own mobile game). In the second episode, Ichiban Kasuga comes to visit The Eagle Talon cast in their world. He gives them some tips on how to look aggressive to take over the world. But their yakuza appearance draws yakuza to them, in which they then both promote the game as both world's yakuza are fans of the mobile game.
Tanuki to Kitsune manga's 5th tankoubon goes on sale November 15, 2018. A short animation was released on the franchise's official YouTube channel to commemorate the occasion.
If you could change the world, what would you do? And if you had the chance to change your life, would you? There are two worlds that exist: reality; and a world that you think is reality. Da Wei is a young man who doesn’t care about anyone or anything aside from himself. However, when he finds out that his entire world is nothing more than an illusion and what’s more, it’s on the brink of collapse, will he make the decision to involve himself for the first time in something for the sake of others? (Source: Baka-Updates Manga)
A commercial for the food and seasoning company Otafuku Sauce. The short portrays the main character Outafukuko, a 1,028-year-old woman, making and sharing Issenyousho in a scene set in Hiroshima after the Second World War. Issenyousho is considered one of the early dishes that would eventually inspire okonomiyaki. October 10, the day the short went live, is "Okinomiyaki Day" in Japan.  The short reunites the staff of the anime film adaptation of Fumiyo Kouno's Kono Sekai no Katasumi ni manga. The short's main character Outafukuko is based on a character from Kouno's other manga titled Hyakuichi.  (Source: ANN)
The 4th season of Larva. Stranded on a tropical island, two silly larva buddies find slapstick fun in everything from discovering food to meeting new animal friends. It will be the first Korean Netflix original animation. (Source: Netflix)
A video promotion for Chiharu Sakazaki's Ganbare Chibi Gojira (Do Your Best, Chibi Godzilla) picture book. Chibi Godzilla introduces himself as "big and strong" but also describes his crybaby tendencies. The video ends with Chibi Godzilla producing a fiery display that pleases his friends.  (Source: ANN)
An Amazon Prime Japan Video exclusive. Foo, a kind boy, lives together with his grandmother. However, Foo has no friends. One day, as Foo is off picking herbs on a mountain to treat his grandmother's illness, he finds himself lost. But then he is saved by a boy demon with bright-red skin named Smoochy. The two kind yet friendless boys meet and become each other's first friend. The two begin to spend their days playing together, until one day Foo suddenly stops coming to the mountain. (Source: Official YouTube channel)
Asami Ike made a Christmas Advent animation, each day was a new short animation counting down to Christmas. She posted each ep on her official Twitter page. 17 total pieces were made but advent day 12-15 used entirely live-action footage and as such are not included in the episode count. A compilation of the whole advent was posted to her official YouTube channel.
An entirely 3DCG Christmas episode of Kensaku to Enjin.
Chibi Gojira has now partnered with TOHO Cinemas for a countdown animation. The short was released on Godzilla franchise's official YouTube channel and will air in all TOHO Cinemas before every film starting on the coming weekend. This marks the 65th anniversary of Godzilla and TOHO is doing various promotions for the iconic franchise.
Yeastken (portmanteau of yeast and the japanese word aiken for pet dogs) are yeast dogs. They snuck into a baker's dough and now they're living dog breads.
A new Koeda-chan franchise web anime based on the Takara Tomy toy line. This particular series takes place solely in Koeda-chan's world.
A dialogue-less anime about endangered species where they only say "-shun.". Episodes are streamed on the anime's official Youtube channel and Twitter, and Kadokawa's official Youtube channel as they are co-creators of the brand.
In honor of Matoba Fumio's achievements from being a jocky for horse racing, Tekken created a biographical short of his life and career. Fumio as of 2018 is 62 years old and has 7,152 wins under his belt.
Subaru and friends finally get a moment of peace, and Subaru goes on a certain secret mission that he must not let anyone find out about! However, even though Subaru is wearing a disguise, Petra and other children of the village immediately figure out who he is. Now that his mission was exposed within five seconds of it starting, what will happen with Subaru's "date course" with Emilia? (Source: ANN)
It was announced at a Dengeki Game Festival stage event that the Strike the Blood light novel series will get a third OVA release. It will cover until the end of Seisen-hen. (Source: MAL news)
OVA bundled with the 34th volume of the manga.
Bundled with the limited edition of the 8th manga volume.
Included with seventh volume of the Asobi Asobase manga. 
Episode 15 of Drifters shipped with the special version of the manga's sixth volume.
At the protagonist school there is a famous club of girls said to bully and target men breaking them down with sex until they are like lifeless husks an move on to next victim. rumor says all them combine have had over 200 sex partners. One day on train the protagonist is able to hear conversation between college girls and club girls. Turns out they are all virgins who never had sex before. Unlucky (or lucky) for protagonist he is caught eavesdropping. That is day they decide to silence protagonist by finally living up to rumors by making him there target of club. (Source: VnDB)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
The new OVA will tell a story about Hoshitani and friends on Halloween. The OVA will feature a music video for the song "Storytellers."  (Source: ANN)
A reanimation of some the most popular matches from the series, the first being Tezuka vs. Atobe. 
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
Ketakuma is a popular LINE stamp character. He's featured in the gif stamps section and his character won the 2016 LINE Creators Stamp Award. Pony Canyon has now teamed up with Ketakuma's designer to make a fully animated DVD ripe with comedy skits and music videos. 
Forty-one years ago on Planet Vegeta, home of the infamous Saiyan warrior race, King Vegeta noticed a baby named Broly whose latent power exceeded that of his own son. Believing that Broly's power would one day surpass that of his child, Vegeta, the king sends Broly to the desolate planet Vampa. Broly's father Paragus follows after him, intent on rescuing his son. However, his ship gets damaged, causing the two to spend years trapped on the barren world, unaware of the salvation that would one day come from an unlikely ally. Years later on Earth, Gokuu Son and Prince Vegeta—believed to be the last survivors of the Saiyan race—are busy training on a remote island. But their sparring is interrupted when the appearance of their old enemy Frieza drives them to search for the last of the wish-granting Dragon Balls on a frozen continent. Once there, Frieza shows off his new allies: Paragus and the now extremely powerful Broly. A legendary battle that shakes the foundation of the world ensues as Gokuu and Vegeta face off against Broly, a warrior without equal whose rage is just waiting to be unleashed. [Written by MAL Rewrite]
(No synopsis yet.)
A door opens, and a golden seal shatters a star. It is the early 21st century. Mankind has lost the battle for planet Earth to Godzilla, and has taken to the stars in search of a new home. But the search ends in vain, forcing them and their alien allies back to Earth. But 20,000 years have passed in their absence, and the Earth is a wholly different place. The planet's flora and fauna now embody and serve Godzilla. Earth is a monster's planet, ruled by the largest Godzilla ever at 300 meters in height. Godzilla Earth. Human protagonist, Captain Haruo, yearns to defeat Godzilla and retake the planet for mankind. There, he meets aboriginal descendants of the human race, the Houtua tribe. The Houtua twin sisters, Maina and Miana, lead him to the skeletal remains of Mecha-Godzilla, an old anti-Godzilla weapon, which to everyone's surprise is still alive in the form of self-generating nanometal. Taken from the Mecha-Godzilla carcass, the nanometals have gradually been rebuilding a "Mecha-Godzilla City," a potential weapon capable of destroying Godzilla Earth. As the strategy develops, a rift forms between the humans and the Bilusaludo, one of several alien races that had joined the humans on their exodus from Earth. Their leader, Galu-gu, believes that the secret to defeating Godzilla lies in the use of superhuman powers – namely, the nanometal integration – but Haruo resists, fearing that in defeating monsters, they must not become monsters themselves. Haruo ultimately uses his means for defeating Godzilla Earth to destroy the Mecha-Godzilla city so as to prevent nanometal assimilation, killing Galu-gu. However, his childhood friend, Yuuko, has been absorbed by the nanometal integration and has fallen into a brain dead coma. The human race, once again, is lost. Metphies, commander of the priestly alien race, Exif, marvels at the miraculous survival of Haruo, he begins to attract a following. The Exif has secretly harbored this outcome as their "ultimate goal." Miana and Maina issue warnings against Metphies, while Haruo begins to question mankind's next move. With no means for defeating Godzilla Earth, mankind watches as King Ghidorah, clad in a golden light, descends on the planet. The earth shakes once again with as war moves to a higher dimension. What is Godzilla exactly? Does mankind stand a chance? Is there a future vision in Haruo's eyes? Find out in the finale. (Source: Official site)
It is the beginning of December. Anna Kushina's birthday is coming up, so the boys of HOMRA decide to celebrate by preparing a surprise party for their little princess. (Source: TubiTV)
Misaki Yata is a youth whose reckless and immature attitude has led him to be shunned by his classmates. Saruhiko Fushimi is a loner who views the world in a pessimistic way. Despite being polar opposites, the two become the best of friends. (Source: TubiTV)
Adolf K. Weismann is sharing a peaceful meal with his loved ones, but as the days go by, some begin to realize that this perfect world where everyone is alive and happy seems too good to be true. (Source: TubiTV, edited)
(No synopsis yet.)
U.C. 0097, one year after the opening of "Laplace's Box." Despite the revelation of the Universal Century Charter that acknowledges the existence and rights of Newtypes, the framework of the world has not been greatly altered. The conflict later dubbed the "Laplace Incident" is thought to have ended with the downfall of the Neo Zeon remnants known as the Sleeves. In its final battle, two full psycho-frame mobile suits displayed power beyond human understanding. The white unicorn and the black lion were sealed away to remove this danger from people's consciousness, and they should now be completely forgotten. However, the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam 03, which disappeared two years earlier, is now about to show itself in the Earth Sphere once more. A golden phoenix... named Phenex. (Source: Gundam.info)
In the late 90's, in China, Tu Xiaoyi, an high school student, takes no interest in marks and prefers to play video games with his friend nicknamed "Peanut." One day, he was chosen by his teacher to become the class representative with Yao Zhetian, a very cute girl. He will experience his first love and disappointments.
After a scooter accident provoked by a mysterious woman's vision, Angelino, a deadbeat like thousands of others in Dark Meat City, starts getting violent migraines that are accompanied by strange hallucinations. Along with his good buddy Vinz, he tries to figure out what's happening to him while threatening men in black seem determined to catch him. (Source: Annecy)
The story follows Benio "Haikara-san" Hanamura, who lost her mother when she was very young and has been raised by her father, a high-ranking official in the Japanese army. As a result, she has grown into a tomboy. Contrary to traditional Japanese notions of femininity, she studies kendo, drinks sake, dresses in often outlandish-looking Western fashions instead of the traditional kimono, and is not as interested in housework as she is in literature. She also rejects the idea of arranged marriages and believes in a woman's right to a career and to marry for love. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
Set during the Heian Period, Kyo is a beautiful city that is proud of its glory. Two beautiful onmyouji meet, and the sad and short-lived beautiful cherry blossom starts to stir after 1000 years. (Source: MAL News)
(No synopsis yet.)
(No synopsis yet.)
13 years ago, suddenly one part of Tokyo broke off and began to float in the sky. Tokyo was separated into "Old Tokyo" as the part that was floating in the air, and "New Tokyo," the part that stayed on the ground. Communication and interaction between the two Tokyos was impossible, and years passed. One day, a young girl perceives that Old Tokyo will fall back down to the ground, and she sets out on the perilous path from from Old Tokyo to New Tokyo to save the citizens from the impending crisis. (Source: ANN)
(No synopsis yet.)
University students, Ray, Anna, Tyler, Halle, and Eisuke are enjoying college life and pursuing their dreams, but in reality, They have a secret mission, to fight against invading Reptilians from outer space. One day, Ray travels back in time to 330 million years ago on Earth, to find his missing friend Tyler who has fallen into a trap set by the evil alien, Dahar. During that time, Alpha, the God of the Earth, was planning to create a new civilization on Earth and invited Queen Zamza and her fellow Reptilian from the planet Zeta, to Earth. What is the intention of Dahar? What will happen to Ray and Tyler? And what is “the plan of the God of the Earth"? (Source: Eleven Arts)
A new ride-like VR attraction. The ride will debut at the "hexaRide" attraction area of the renewed Diver City Tokyo Plaza. The ride attraction allows up to 12 people to ride at the same time using Q-Ride equipment with six-directional movement, and VR headsets. The ride costs 1,000 yen (about US$9) per person. This story is set in the Kuzan Republic. The defense minister, who will take part in a meeting of the Next-generation Weapon Coordination Council, has ordered an advance onsite inspection. Ride participants are tasked with providing escort while securing an inspection route in Public Security Section 9, where Motoko Kusanagi serves as leader. Riders will use the hexaRide vehicle to enter cyberspace and, serving as a Public Security Section 9 agent, join in an attack on revolutionary movement forces. (Source: ANN)
Fifth Youkai Watch film. 
The "hyper black comedy" anime takes place in Nyagoya City, a trendy town where cats live. In this peaceful town, many of the cats are suddenly disappearing. The NEET cat Takumi must save his father, who is wrapped up in the incident. The anime will feature the characters speaking in Nagoya dialect, and will feature famous sightseeing spots such as Nagoya Castle.  (Source: ANN)
Unaired episode included with the sixth volume Blu-ray/DVD release of Steins;Gate 0.
Adaptation of the final chapters of the Saiki Kusuo no Ψ-nan manga. 
Picture drama episodes included on the DVD/Blu-ray Volumes of Seishun Buta Yarou wa Bunny Girl Senpai no Yume wo Minai.
Recap of the first 10 episodes of Goblin Slayer.
When Lord El-Melloi II, the former Waver Velvet, gets asked to claim his inheritance over Adra Castle, he travels there with his apprentice Gray to do so. But they are not the only ones called that way. The will of the previous owner states that the assembled contestants—including Luviagelita Edelfelt—must compete in a game of wits to win the castle. 
A mysterious cell wearing a stylish hat appears before the regular cells, who are bored with just the same (cell division) work over and over again, every day. This mysterious cell lures the regular cells into a mischievous scheme against White Blood Cell and Killer T Cell. The regular cells enjoy working out their everyday, pent-up frustration. But, just who exactly is this cell wearing a stylish hat? (Source: ANN)
Included with the third and fourth volumes of the Asobi Asobase Blu-ray and DVD releases. 
Persona 5 the Animation TV specials.
Special included in the 25th anniversary Blu-ray box set. The special will cover the "Two Shot" bonus chapter from the manga's seventh volume, which tells the story of how Kurama and Hiei met, as well as the manga's penultimate chapter "All or Nothing." which shows the main characters reuniting to solve a hostage crisis in the spirit world. (Source: ANN)
Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 DVD/BD specials. They are chibi parody shorts; one video was included on each of the DVD/BDs for a total of four. Each video contained three stories (essentially chibi parody short episode 38–49) which continued the chibi parody story from the previous chibi parody specials included on the DVD/BDs of the previous seasons.
The special episode features the captains of the different squads plus Asta and Yuno participating in a quiz show.
DVD/BD specials of Hataraku Saibou included on disc volume 3-7. All episodes feature super deformed chibi versions of the characters. There is also some 4th wall breaking with them speaking to you the viewer (such as the quiz game show in ep 1 or the parody of the long running Japanese talk show Tetsuko's Room in ep 2).
A short anime based on Manga de Wakaru! Fate/Grand Order by Riyo. Aired during Fate Project Year End 2018, and is also available on YouTube.
Special episodes included with the fourth volume of Uma Musume: Pretty Derby Blu-ray release.
A special anime featuring Goku and Freeza screened at the Tokyo Skytree.
Special episodes bundled with the Blu-ray volumes, they are called "99.419 Saisun", "99.419 Touron", and "99.419 Kaien."
New series of shorts featuring Index-tan.
The Blu-ray Box set of Kyoukaisenjou no Horizon is slated to have an "all-new bonus animation."  (Source: ANN)
Recap of all 26 episodes of TV anime that aired between April 2018 to September 2018 in preparation to Dark Sun... TV Special, narrated by Ren Amamiya (CV: Jun Fukuyama).
One Room 2nd Season special included on the BD release of the main show. It follows bedroom 'role play' scenarios you have with the girls and dream scenarios you have while asleep near the girls. 
In honor of Girls & Panzer TV & OVA receiving a 5.1ch Blu-ray Disc BOX set, Bandai Namco released a new Akiyama Yukari's Tank Course "Extra" on its official YouTube channel. A non-watermarked version of the video will be included on the BD Box set as well. It is slated to be released December 21, 2018.
The ad's crossover theme matches a tote bag bundled with 14th tankoubon of 3-gatsu no Lion, the events depicted in the ads occur after the 2nd season and contain some spoilers.  Hinata Kawamoto see two girls carrying rabbit-print tote bags. The girls are none other than Hagumi Hanamoto and Ayumi Yamada from Hachimitsu to Clover. Hinata immediately runs home and then to the bookstore to buy a copy of the 14th manga volume to receive her complimentary tote.  In a second ad, Rei Kiriyama is coaching the team in shogi at Fujiwara Design. (Source: ANN) 
Special two-part bonus video included on the Limited Deluxe Edition BD/DVD of the Detective Conan: Zero The Enforcer Movie. 
Special episode bundled with the eighth Blu-ray and DVD volume of Hakyuu Houshin Engi.
Milky Holmes are doing well and solves cases one by one. Student council suddenly thought they should get graduated from the academy, and gave them a graduation test. The content of the graduation case she chose is... Aichi Sendou's Card stolen case!
Recap of the first 12 episodes of Okoshiyasu, Chitose-chan.
Futsuu tte Nandarou? is an NHK documentary program about people with developmental disorders.  Part of the program was five 2-minute short stories of real people (who narrate their own story) that when growing up, they did not understand what was wrong with them nor did their teachers. Each episode is animated by a different person and aims to showcase what is normal for them and how they grew up to be regular members of society. They were all shown intermittently on the same day as NHK as starting a new awareness campaign for the documentary series. The animated shorts were later streamed on NHK's official website and again later on NHK's official YouTube channel.
Commercial for The North Face Japan's "GORE-TEX INFINIUM" products.
A video created for the Matsuda family wedding ceremony in October by Inoue Ryou. In it the wedding couple battles out whose curry is better but in the end, both taste great according to the couple's baby.
Wedding information site Wedding Park, which gives word-of-mouth recommendations for venues, has released an animated advertisement online. The ad shows the Wedding Park mascot character Wepa appearing in front of a couple in the middle of their proposal. The heart-shaped mascot then takes the couple into a smartphone that shows them information about wedding venues. More animated commercials are expected to be released. (Source: ANN)
Kao Japan is a chemical and cosmetics company. For their spring campaign to bring in the freshness and happiness of their customers, they have commissioned Yoshiharu Satou to create animated commercials.
